OBLITERATING	THE	DEEP	STATE	SERIES

BOOK	I

TESLA

BY

JASON	WALKER



Many	thanks

to	Dario,	Giusy,	and	Maxwell	for	their	work	on	this	story!



I	dedicate	this	novel	to	all	those	people	out	there	who	are	realizing	that	we’ve	been lied	to	our	entire	lives	in	regards	to	our	real	human	history	and	also	about	the	technology that	we’ve	been	prevented	from	having,	which	could	advance	us	to	colonize	other	planets and	explore	our	solar	system	in	its	entirety.



To	people	like	Tom	Paladino	and	Nancy	Jackson	who	are	helping	thousands	of

people	get	treated	with	scalar	energy	–	I	thank	you	for	what	you	are	doing.	Their	website can	be	found	at:	https://www.scalarlight.com



To	determined	minds	that	are	going	toe	to	toe	against	the	cabal	like	Lt.	Col.

(Ret’d)	Riccardo	Bosi	and	the	Australia	One	Party	over	in	Australia,	I	salute	you	all	and look	forward	to	the	day	when	we	see	the	evil	ones	hang	in	the	gallows	following	military trials.	Please	support	this	political	party.	https://australiaoneparty.com



He	who	dares	wins.





Prologue

The	night	of	January	7th,	1943—8:45	p.m.

Inside	 the	 massive	 kitchen	 of	 the	 New	 Yorker	 Hotel,	 a	 man	 from	 room

service	made	a	pot	of	coffee.	He	filled	the	metal	pot	and	put	it	on	his	trolley.	Passed two	pieces	of	toasted	sourdough	from	the	night	watch	cook,	he	carefully	placed	the

buttered	 toast	 under	 a	 brilliantly	 polished	 silver	 dome	 just	 the	 right	 size	 for	 the silver-rimmed	plate.	The	room	service	attendant	placed	the	platter	on	a	well-oiled

trolley,	then	slowly	rolled	the	trolley	out	of	the	kitchen	toward	the	service	elevator.

Once	 inside	 the	 elevator,	 he	 was	 taken	 up	 to	 the	 nineteenth	 floor,	 where	 he exited	the	elevator	and	walked	down	the	hall,	his	trolley	gliding	in	front	of	him	over the	plush	carpeted	hallway.	He	walked	down	the	hallway	until	he	got	to	the	door	to

the	fire	escape	staircase.	He	softly	knocked	on	the	fire	door,	and	out	came	another

towering	 dark-haired	 man	 dressed	 in	 the	 same	 uniform.	 The	 two	 nodded	 at	 each other	and	passed	each	other	silently,	knowing	the	insipid	nature	of	the	operation	at

hand.	 The	 room	 service	 attendant	 who	 brought	 the	 trolley	 up	 to	 the	 nineteenth floor	 then	 exited	 calmly	 down	 the	 stairs,	 his	 part	 in	 the	 transfer	 now	 complete, while	 the	 other	 expressionless	 man	 who	 had	 come	 from	 the	 stairwell	 took	 up	 the task	of	delivering	the	serving	trolley	to	its	final	destination,	the	thirty-third	floor.

The	 thirty-third-floor	 corridor	 walls	 were	 darkly	 polished	 mahogany	 panels

dimly	lit	by	wall	sconces	powered	by	huge	DC	generators	many	floors	below	in	the

hotel	basement.	The	rich	red	carpet	was	thick	beneath	him,	leaving	an	imprint	of

his	 shiny	 black	 Oxfords	 behind	 the	 trolley	 tracks.	 The	 sloppily	 dressed	 thirties-looking	room	service	attendant,	who	could	barely	button	up	his	service	coat	due	to

his	size,	gave	the	door	a	knock.	A	few	moments	later,	Nikola	Tesla	emerged.	He	was

an	 elderly	 man,	 with	 skin	 sagging	 under	 cheekbones	 that	 belied	 a	 sparse	 diet,	 but there	was	still	something	sharp	about	the	look	in	old	Nikola’s	eyes.

The	 attendant	 brought	 in	 the	 pot	 of	 coffee	 and	 put	 it,	 along	 with	 the	 domed

sandwich	 plate,	 on	 the	 table,	 which	 was	 cluttered	 with	 a	 disorganized	 pile	 of paperwork	 and	 notes,	 then	 said,	 as	 he	 turned	 to	 leave,	 “I	 hope	 you	 have	 a	 good night,	sir.”

Nikola	reached	into	his	pocket	and	tried	to	give	the	huge	man	a	small	tip	even

though	 he	 hardly	 had	 a	 penny	 to	 his	 name.	 The	 service	 man	 knew	 this	 and	 was quite	 polite	 when	 he	 looked	 at	 Mr	 Tesla,	 saying	 in	 a	 deep	 voice,	 disguising	 a familiar	motherland	dialect,	“Thank	you,	Mr	Tesla,	but	that	isn’t	necessary.”	After

wishing	 Mr	 Tesla	 a	 good	 night,	 he	 gently	 shut	 the	 door	 behind	 him	 and	 hurried back	 down	 the	 hallway	 to	 the	 elevator.	 Inside	 the	 elevator,	 another	 employee—

equally	dishevelled	in	bell	hop	attire—was	waiting	for	him.	He	stood	there,	holding

the	door	open.	As	soon	as	they	were	both	inside	it,	the	doors	snapped	shut	and	they

disappeared.

Inside	his	room,	the	inventor	was	reading	over	one	of	his	older	diaries.	This	one

had	 been	 kept	 down	 in	 the	 hotel	 safe,	 but	 most	 of	 his	 other	 diaries	 were	 at	 the bottom	of	sea	trunks	that	he	had	been	keeping	in	different	storage	locations	strewn

across	the	city	of	New	York,	keeping	with	his	long	trail	of	outstanding	hotel	bills.

He	was	examining	the	entries	he’d	made	to	see	if	he	could	refresh	his	memory	about

the	work	he	had	done	back	in	the	1920s	on	scalar	energy	and	using	the	bio-field	of

an	object	that	would	be	captured	in	a	photograph	to	find	either	a	person	of	or	an

object	of	interest.	He	knew	that	every	single	thing	that	was	alive	vibrated	at	its	own unique	frequency	and	also	had	a	field	of	energy	that	encapsulated	it.

The	elderly	inventor	had	already	proven	in	experiments	that	he	could	learn	the

bio-field	frequency	of	an	object	or	person	from	a	picture	and	use	it	to	find	what	he

was	 searching	 for,	 locating	 that	 person	 or	 object	 anywhere	 on	 the	 planet.	 But	 his thoughts	now	were	about	the	mining	industry.	If	he	took	an	image	of	a	large	piece

of	gold	that	was	over	a	kilogram	in	size,	his	thinking	was	that	he	could	use	scalar

energy	fields	to	establish	a	new	way	of	finding	large	gold	nuggets	that	hadn’t	been

dug	up	yet.

This	 excitement	 in	 Nikola	 had	 come	 about	 by	 the	 recent	 correspondence	 he’d

received	from	the	owner	of	a	mining	company	situated	in	South	Africa.	The	owner

had	written	to	him	after	reading	one	of	Tesla’s	papers,	and	it	had	prompted	him	to write	 to	 the	 famous	 inventor	 to	 see	 if	 Tesla	 could	 come	 up	 with	 a	 better	 way	 of finding	large	gold	nuggets	or	gold	deposits	in	his	home	country.

As	Nikola	continued	to	read	through	the	pages,	his	mind	played	back	the	many

memories	that	he	had	where	he’s	been	able	to	build	his	first	scalar	wave	generator,

which	when	turned	on	had	successfully	lit	up	every	fluorescent	bulb	that	Tesla	had

placed	in	the	room—and	none	of	them	were	plugged	in!	From	there,	his	confidence

had	 grown,	 hypothesizing	 how	 else	 he	 could	 use	 this	 amazing	 discovery,	 and	 that had	led	him	to	make	a	small	personal	antigravity	platform	using	scalar	energy	waves,

which	 he’d	 been	 able	 to	 fly	 with	 outside	 of	 his	 own	 lab	 and	 apartment	 without being	 seen	 by	 anyone.	 How	 he’d	 marvelled	 in	 those	 moments	 of	 discovery!	 Every time	he	was	successful,	it	built	his	self-esteem	and	confidence	to	the	point	where	he

was	willing	to	step	out	of	the	box	and	think	about	ways	to	manifest	new	ideas	and

concepts.	Those	smaller	projects	had	also	given	him	the	courage	to	pursue	his	plan

to	 develop	 a	 flying	 disk,	 which	 he	 went	 on	 to	 create	 with	 his	 assistant	 Otis	 Carr.

They’d	since	lost	contact,	but	he	hoped	his	friend	was	doing	well.	He	hoped	that

Otis	had	continued	with	their	experiments.

After	 five	 minutes	 of	 focused	 concentration,	 contemplating	 how	 to	 use	 scalar energy	for	health	and	wellness,	he	got	up	from	the	table	and	paced	about	the	room

for	 a	 few	 moments	 as	 thoughts	 surfaced	 about	 some	 pressing	 matters	 that	 his business	advisor	and	friend	Mr	George	Scherff	Senior	told	him	not	to	worry	about.

Another	hotel	had	 demanded	he	make	good	on	his	unpaid	bill	from	the	previous

year,	and	that	was	bothering	him,	making	him	lose	his	focus,	and	holding	him	back

from	gathering	all	his	fragmented	thoughts	into	coherent	genius.	They	were	holding

a	few	prototype	models	plus	his	documents	and	notebooks	that	he’d	asked	them	to

keep	 safe	 until	 such	 time	 as	 he	 paid	 his	 bill	 in	 full.	 There	 were	 many	 things	 he wanted	to	re-read	again,	but	maybe	he	could	get	some	new	ideas	on	his	scalar	wave

gold-finding	technology	while	he	slept.

Exhaustion	 threatened	 to	 overtake	 him	 as	 he	 stood	 looking	 out	 his	 window,

sipping	coffee,	consumed	by	complex	matters	that	kept	him	in	a	perpetual	state	of

anxiety.	 He	 could	 see	 people	 still	 walking	 about	 down	 below	 on	 the	 snowy sidewalks	 and	 streets	 in	 front	 of	 the	 hotel	 going	 every	 which	 way.	 Suddenly,	 a pigeon	flew	by	his	window,	causing	him	to	break	into	a	smile.	He	liked	the	pigeons

very	much	and	thought	of	the	many	happy	moments	he’d	had	feeding	them	in	the

nearby	 park.	 After	 a	 few	 minutes	 of	 people	 watching,	 he	 closed	 the	 curtain	 and walked	back	to	the	tray	that	the	toast	was	still	resting	on.	He	sat	down	beside	it	and began	 eating.	 Tesla	 was	 pleasantly	 surprised	 by	 how	 good	 it	 tasted.	 Top-notch sourdough.

After	finishing	his	evening	 meal,	Nicola	sat	at	the	edge	of	his	 bed	as	 he	 talked

himself	through	the	molecular	structure	of	gold.	He	undid	his	shoes,	and	then	once

they	 were	 off	 of	 his	 feet,	 he	 took	 off	 his	 socks	 to	 flex	 his	 toes	 numerous	 times,	 a habit	 of	 his	 that	 seemed	 to	 assist	 him	 in	 enhancing	 circulation	 to	 his	 brain	 and body.	 He	 scratched	 an	 itch	 on	 his	 face	 and	 raked	 fingers	 through	 his	 hair.	 But before	he	went	to	bed	for	the	night,	he	wanted	to	try	and	stay	up	for	a	little	longer

to	 figure	 out	 how	 to	 build	 a	 device	 that	 could	 copy	 the	 bio-field	 frequency	 of	 an object—such	as	gold—from	a	photograph,	and	then	be	able	to	find	that	object	in

the	ground	someplace	in	South	Africa.

Tesla	 wondered	 a	 second	 time	 if	 he	 needed	 to	 sleep	 on	 it	 and	 to	 just	 stop pushing	 himself	 too	 hard.	 He	 needed	 the	 money	 that	 this	 potential	 investor	 had, though,	so	he	could	continue	to	work.	He	sighed	and	put	down	the	hand	towel.	He

looked	at	the	clock	that	was	ticking	away	on	the	wall.	It	was	now	9:30	p.m.

He	just	had	to	work	this	problem	out!	It	was	bothering	him	like	yet	another	itch

on	his	face	that	couldn’t	be	scratched.	He	was	so	close.	And	so	Tesla	continued	to

labour,	grinding	down	his	pencil	as	the	night	wore	on.	By	midnight,	his	eyes	were

heavy,	 prompting	 him	 to	 take	 a	 rest.	 Nikola	 made	 a	 promise	 to	 himself	 that	 he would	 only	 sleep	 for	 a	 few	 hours	 and	 then	 be	 right	 back	 up	 to	 work	 away	 at	 his latest	drawing	and	design	for	his	helicopter	plane.	As	he	sunk	down	on	his	bed,	it

seemed	to	beckon	him	to	rest	for	a	while.

By	11	a.m.	the	next	day,	Tesla	hadn’t	turned	up	to	work	in	his	lab—the	one

that	Mr	Westinghouse	had	kindly	assisted	in	funding.	It	was	highly	unusual	for	him

to	 behave	 in	 this	 manner.	 Tesla	 spent	 more	 time	 working	 in	 his	 lab	 than	 he	 did around	actual	people.	 He	was	always	the	first	one	there	and	the	last	one	to	 leave.

His	latest	lab	assistant,	Peter	Ivanovic,	had	shown	up	at	the	regular	time	for	work,

which	was	8	a.m.	Once	inside	the	lab,	he	gathered	a	list	of	equipment	and	materials

that	Mr	Tesla	had	told	him	he	would	need	for	the	day’s	experiments.	By	10	a.m.,

the	inventor	hadn’t	turned	up	to	work,	so	Peter	waited	patiently	while	continuing

to	do	things	around	the	laboratory	in	anticipation	of	Mr	Tesla’s	arrival.

However,	concern	for	his	boss’s	safety	prompted	Peter	to	see	if	he	was	being	held

up	at	his	hotel.	He	threw	on	his	winter	overcoat,	stalked	out	of	the	lab,	locked	the

front	door,	and	briskly	walked	down	the	hallway,	then	down	a	flight	of	stairs	to	the

main	doors	where	he	exited	onto	a	bustling	street	full	of	rosy-cheeked	pedestrians.

He	hurriedly	joined	the	moving	train	of	people	winding	his	way	through	the	crowd

to	 the	 doors	 of	 the	 Hotel	 New	 Yorker.	 As	 he	 entered	 the	 newly	 built,	 stunningly opulent	hotel	where	Nikola	Tesla	had	stayed,	Peter	cleaned	his	slush-covered	shoes

on	 the	 lobby	 entrance	 before	 meandering	 through	 the	 hotel	 lobby	 to	 see	 if	 his employer	 was	 sitting	 down	 and	 conversing	 with	 someone.	 When	 he	 didn’t	 see

Nikola	seated	amongst	the	guests	in	the	lobby,	he	decided	to	take	an	elevator	up	to

his	room	and	knock	on	his	door.	The	elevator	opened	almost	immediately	when	he

pressed	 the	 button.	 An	 elderly	 white-coated	 gentleman	 inside	 the	 elevator	 asked him,	“What	floor	would	you	like,	sir?”

Peter	smiled	at	the	elevator	operator.	“The	thirty-third	floor,	please.”

The	 doors	 to	 the	 elevator	 shut.	 The	 operator	 made	 some	 small	 talk	 with	 Peter until	they	had	reached	Tesla’s	floor.	“Thirty-third	floor,	sir.	Have	a	good	day,”	the

elevator	attendant	said	as	the	doors	opened	to	the	hallway.

Peter	 stepped	 out,	 and	 as	 he	 did,	 he	 glanced	 back,	 thanking	 the	 operator.	 He immediately	 started	 surveying	 the	 numbers	 on	 the	 doors,	 swinging	 his	 head	 from right	 to	 left.	 When	 he	 finally	 found	 the	 room	 number	 he	 was	 looking	 for,	 he knocked	on	his	mentor’s	door.	His	worry	 began	to	worsen	when	Mr	 Tesla	didn’t

answer	after	a	more	intense	second	round	of	knocks,	which	shook	the	solid	wood

door	and	echoed	down	the	hallway.	Peter	tried	a	third	time,	then	called	out,	“Mr

Tesla?	Sir,	are	you	in	there?	Are	you	okay?”

He	 received	 no	 response	 from	 the	 other	 side	 of	 the	 door.	 Growing	 more

alarmed,	 Peter	 rushed	 downstairs.	 He	 quickly	 approached	 the	 front	 desk	 manager and	 quietly	 spoke	 across	 the	 desk	 so	 that	 the	 nearby	 guests	 couldn’t	 overhear.	 “I think	that	something	might	have	happened	to	my	boss.	He	didn’t	show	up	to	work,

and	he	isn’t	answering	his	door.	He’s	on	the	thirty-third	floor.	Can	you	do	a	welfare

check	on	him	for	me,	please?	He’s	 here	under	the	name	of	 Mr	Nikola	Tesla.	His

room	number	is	3327.”

“Of	course,	sir,”	said	the	front	desk	manager,	giving	him	a	nod	of	confirmation.

He	 walked	 into	 the	 back	 office	 and	 spoke	 to	 one	 of	 his	 staff	 members	 who	 was taking	a	break.	“I	need	you	to	do	a	welfare	check	on	Mr	Tesla,	please,	Tony.”

The	employee	nodded	as	he	stood	up	from	the	chair	where	he	had	been	sitting

reading	 the	 local	 newspaper	 and	 sipping	 lukewarm	 coffee.	 The	 manager	 thanked him	and	walked	back	to	the	front	desk	where	Peter	had	been	patiently	waiting.	The

manager	looked	at	him	and	said,	“One	moment	please,	sir.	I’ll	just	try	Mr	Tesla’s

phone	one	more	time.	I’ve	also	asked	one	of	our	staff	to	do	a	welfare	check	for	you

as	you	have	asked.	He’ll	be	heading	up	to	his	room	shortly.”

“Thank	you,”	said	Peter,	sounding	concerned.

The	front	desk	manager	looked	at	the	man	that	was	making	the	inquiries	as	he

went	over	to	the	phone	in	the	corner.	“Sir,	may	I	know	your	name	so	I	might	log	it

down?

Tesla’s	 lab	 assistant	 stoically	 replied,	 “It’s	 Peter	 Ivanovic.	 I’m	 Mr	 Tesla’s	 lab assistant.”

“Thank	 you,”	 the	 desk	 manager	 said	 as	 he	 rang	 Tesla’s	 room	 and	 waited	 for Tesla	to	pick	up.	To	Peter,	the	ringing	seemed	to	continue	for	an	eternity,	but	there

was	no	answer	from	the	other	end.

Peter	looked	on	and	finally	said,	“Nothing?”

“Not	 to	 worry,”	 said	 the	 manager	 as	 he	 hung	 up	 the	 phone	 and	 wrote	 down

Peter’s	personal	information.	“He	may	have	gone	to	the	park.	I	know	it’s	snowing,

but	I	also	know	that	Mr	Tesla	likes	to	feed	the	pigeons	in	the	park	sometimes.”

“Thank	 you	for	the	advice,”	replied	Peter.	“I	 shall	 go	 to	 the	 park	 and	 check	 it out.	I’ll	be	back	in	a	few	minutes.	I’ll	come	back	and	let	you	know	if	I	find	him,

okay?”

The	manager	nodded	in	agreement	with	Peter’s	offer.	“Certainly,	sir.	I’ll	look	for

your	return	in	approximately	fifteen	minutes.	I	should	have	an	answer	for	you	by

then,”	 said	 the	 front	 desk	 manager.	 Peter	 looked	 at	 the	 front	 desk	 manager	 and smiled	at	him.	“Thank	you	for	your	assistance.	I’ll	be	back	soon,”	Mr	Ivanovic	said,

as	 he	 hurriedly	 walked	 off,	 heading	 back	 out	 the	 main	 doors	 orienting	 himself toward	 the	 park	 bench	 where	 Mr	 Tesla	 usually	 spent	 his	 time	 meditating	 on	 his inventions	under	the	flurry	of	white	wings.	Only,	at	this	time	of	year,	the	pigeons

had	taken	to	nesting	on	the	warm	rooftops	and	verandas	of	the	city.

It	 didn’t	 take	 him	 long	 to	 get	 to	 the	 bench	 where	 Tesla	 often	 spent	 his

afternoons	feeding	the	pigeons.	Peter	knew	that	it	was	something	that	relaxed	him

and	 gave	 Mr	 Tesla	 an	 opportunity	 to	 get	 out	 of	 the	 lab	 and	 enjoy	 time	 with	 his favourite	birds.	When	Peter	looked	around,	he	saw	someone	else	sitting	on	the	park

bench	where	Nikola	spent	so	much	of	his	time	thinking.	Nikola	wasn’t	here.

Not	 giving	 up	 the	 search,	 his	 assistant	 walked	 back	 to	 the	 hotel.	 The	 desk manager	was	helping	another	customer	at	the	desk	and	there	were	two	more	couples

behind	the	first.	Not	wanting	to	be	rude,	Peter	sat	down	in	the	lobby	and	waited.

He	took	a	complementary	paper	that	was	on	a	table	in	the	lounge	and	began	to	read

the	front	page.

The	longer	it	took	for	the	bell	hops	to	return,	the	more	upset	the	lab	assistant

became.	He	had	nearly	worked	himself	into	a	panic	attack.	Something	felt	horribly

wrong	 to	 him	 at	 the	 core	 of	 his	 being,	 and	 he	 shuddered	 over	 the	 dread-filled thoughts	 roaming	 his	 mind.	 It	 was	 almost	 noon,	 and	 he	 hadn’t	 heard	 from	 Mr Tesla	since	they’d	made	plans	the	previous	afternoon.

When	Tony	returned	some	ten	minutes	later,	he	frantically	gestured	for	the	front

desk	manager	to	come	with	him	to	the	back	office.	His	face	was	twisted,	indicating

that	something	was	terribly	amiss.	“Call	the	authorities,	Boss,”	said	Tony.

Startled,	the	manager	asked,	“Whatever	for?”

James,	the	 other	 on-duty	 attendant,	 replied,	“Looks	 like	Mr	 Tesla	 passed	away during	the	night.	I’m	afraid	he’s	dead	in	his	bed.”

Tony	 then	 added,	 “The	 door	 was	 locked.	 No	 one	 broke	 in,	 it	 appears	 he	 just passed	on	his	own.”

Horrified	by	the	news,	he	made	a	frantic	gesture	with	his	hands	while	returning

to	the	front	desk	to	pick	up	the	phone.

“I’m	 sorry.	 One	 moment,	 sir.	 I’ll	 be	 right	 with	 you,”	 the	 manager	 said	 to	 the customer	that	was	waiting.	Peter	patiently	waited	for	some	kind	of	an	update	and

noticed	 that	 the	 manager	 was	 apologizing	 to	 the	 first	 customer,	 excusing	 himself from	his	attention.	The	couples	behind	him	were	growing	impatient.	The	manager

did	his	best	to	ignore	the	increasing	line-up	while	he	phoned	for	the	hotel	doctor	to

go	 up	 to	 room	 3327	 and	 wait	 for	 the	 proper	 authorities	 to	 arrive.	 The	 standard protocol	was	to	phone	the	police.	He’d	recently	been	made	aware	that	there	was	a

new	 number	 for	 them	 to	 call	 for	 police	 assistance,	 and	 he	 had	 to	 procure	 the number,	 which	 hadn’t	 yet	 been	 placed	 by	 the	 phone.	 He	 again	 apologized	 to	 the customer	and	told	him	that	there	was	an	urgent	medical	emergency.	The	customer

quietly	 nodded	 at	 his	 explanation	 and	 patiently	 waited,	 listening	 to	 the	 muffled request	 for	 police	 assistance	 as	 the	 manager	 dialled	 the	 new	 number	 to	 the authorities.

Peter	 sat	 down	 in	 a	 nearby	 chair	 and	 held	 his	 head	 in	 his	 hands	 as	 he	 looked down	 at	 his	 shoes,	 trying	 to	 drive	 the	 thoughts	 out	 of	 his	 mind	 that	 something terrible	had	happened	to	his	friend	and	mentor.	He	could	tell	something	was	amiss

and	 really	 wanted	 to	 talk	 to	 the	 manager	 in	 charge,	 but	 the	 man	 was	 busier	 than ever.

In	what	seemed	like	mere	minutes	after	the	manager	hung	up	the	phone,	several

FBI	agents	entered	through	the	main	doors,	sauntering	quickly	to	the	main	desk	to

speak	to	the	hotel	manager.	This	time,	the	front	desk	manager	had	Tony	take	over

dealing	with	anxious	customers	while	he	escorted	the	FBI	agents	to	the	elevator	on

course	to	enter	Mr	Tesla’s	room.

When	 the	 manager	 finally	 returned	 to	 the	 hotel	 lobby,	 Peter	 was	 waiting	 for

him.	He	confronted	him	while	he	was	coming	out	of	the	elevator.

“What’s	going	on?	I	went	to	the	park,	and	he	wasn’t	there,	and	now	I	noticed

that	several	policemen	are	in	the	lobby	over	there,”	he	said	as	he	pointed	toward	the

uniformed	 officers	 that	 had	 just	 walked	 in	 and	 were	 talking	 amongst	 themselves over	in	a	corner.

“I’ve	 been	 waiting	 for	 quite	 some	 time,	 and	 I’m	 deeply	 worried	 about	 my

friend,”	he	said.

The	hotel	manager	looked	toward	the	officers	in	the	lobby	and	knew	he	had	to

go	to	see	them	straight	away.	He	started	to	walk	toward	the	officers,	but	Peter	cut

him	off	once	more.

“Please,	 sir,	 I’m	 Mr	 Tesla’s	 lab	 assistant.	 Has	 something	 happened	 to	 him?	 I must	know.”

The	front	desk	manager	nodded	his	head	and	looked	at	Peter.	“I’m	sorry,	sir,	but

you	were	right.	Mr	Tesla	has	been	found	to	be	deceased	in	his	room.	That’s	all	I	can

tell	you.	That’s	why	the	authorities	are	here,	and	I	need	to	go	and	see	them,	so	if

you’ll	please	allow	me	to	step	away	for	a	moment.	I’ll	have	one	of	the	officers	come

and	 talk	 to	 you	 straight	 away	 if	 you’ll	 just	 go	 and	 wait	 over	 in	 the	 lobby.	 I’ll	 tell them	that	you’re	here,	but	right	now,	the	doctor	is	waiting	for	the	police	officers	to go	 to	 the	 room	 to	 assist	 the	 others	 that	 arrived	 earlier.	 I	 need	 to	 escort	 them	 up there.”

Confused,	Peter	stepped	out	of	the	man’s	way.	“The	others?	Has	any	foul	play

occurred?	Is	that	why	the	police	are	here?”	he	asked.

The	manager	shrugged	his	shoulders	as	he	walked	past	Peter.	“I	don’t	believe	so,

but	 I’m	 not	 the	 person	 to	 ask.	 I’ll	 send	 someone	 to	 see	 you.	 Thank	 you	 for	 your patience.	 It’s	 a	 bit	 hectic	 around	 here	 as	 a	 result	 of	 this	 most	 unfortunate circumstance.	My	apologies	for	the	loss	of	your	friend,	Mr	Tesla,	but	I	must	leave

you	now,	sir,”	he	replied	as	he	spun	himself	toward	the	police	officers.

The	police	removed	the	body	at	three	in	the	afternoon.	They	brought	it	down

through	the	main	elevator	and	through	the	lobby,	proceeding	to	wheel	it	through	to

the	back	service	exit.	A	Caucasian	man	reading	the	newspaper,	dressed	in	a	neatly

pressed	suit,	got	up	and	followed	the	entourage	out	of	the	building	as	Peter	watched people	come	and	go.	Peter	eyed	all	of	them	curiously	and	waited	for	somebody	to

come	and	tell	him	precisely	what	had	happened	to	Nikola.

That	finally	happened	at	4	p.m.	The	police	officer	told	him	that	Tesla	had	died

in	his	sleep	and	that	his	body	had	been	taken	to	the	city	morgue.	The	officer	then

inquired	into	whether	there	were	any	next	of	kin	that	Peter	might	know	in	the	area.

This	had	never	come	up	in	conversation	between	him	and	his	mentor,	owing	to	the

nature	 of	 their	 day-to-day	 discoveries	 playing	 with	 lab	 instruments,	 mapping	 out secrets	 to	 the	 universe,	 but	 to	 the	 best	 of	 his	 knowledge,	 there	 weren’t	 any.	 Peter did,	however,	recall	in	a	flash	of	memory,	Mr	Tesla’s	no-so-subtle	inference	to	his

feelings	 about	 women,	 but	 he	 didn’t	 tell	 the	 police	 officer	 that,	 in	 loyalty	 to	 his friend.

After	giving	some	details	to	the	police	officer,	he	was	told	to	go	home,	but	the

officer	requested	that	if	Peter	thought	of	anything	else,	to	please	call	him,	passing

him	 his	 card.	 Peter	 wasn’t	 sure	 what	 he	 wanted	 to	 do,	 so	 he	 walked	 around	 the block	and	found	a	place	where	he	could	sit	and	have	a	drink	to	calm	his	nerves.

Meanwhile,	 back	 at	 the	 New	 Yorker,	 the	 night	 shift	 had	 begun,	 and	 Rick Warner,	the	manager,	was	hanging	his	coat	and	jacket	up	in	the	coat	room	when

the	assistant	manager	popped	his	head	around	the	corner.

“Mr	Warner,	there’s	an	FBI	agent	out	in	the	lobby	asking	if	he	can	have	a	word

with	you	about	something.”

“The	FBI?”	Warner	asked	curiously.

“Yes,	the	FBI.	They	want	to	speak	to	you	about	Mr	Tesla.”

“I’ve	 never	 spoken	 to	 anyone	 in	 the	 FBI	 before,”	 said	 Warner	 nervously.	 He closed	the	safe	after	receiving	the	daytime	cash	box	from	the	assistant	manager,	who

had	 finished	 tallying	 the	 sales	 receipts.	 After	 he	 was	 done	 with	 their	 routine procedure	for	transitioning	between	shifts,	he	went	to	speak	with	the	FBI	agent.

The	agent	was	a	big	dark-haired	man	with	a	crumpled	suit	jacket,	showing	stain-

glazed	hints	of	something	rubbed	into	his	left	lapel	from	lunch.	He	asked,	“Are	you

the	Manager?”

Warner	answered	gingerly,	“Yes	sir.	I’m	the	night	manager,	though	it	seems	to be	an	unfortunate	title	to	have	today.”

The	agent	 chuckled.	“I	won’t	 keep	 you	 too	long.	 I’m	 here	 to	collect	any	more

materials	that	may	have	belonged	to	Nikola	Tesla.	I	was	told	he	had	several	things

stored	 in	 your	 basement	 based	 on	 what	 his	 diary	 said.	 We	 found	 out	 after	 we collected	his	belongings	in	his	room.”

“Oh!	Well,	I	hope	you’ve	brought	a	truck	because	we	have	a	lot	of	Mr	Tesla’s

belongings	 downstairs	 being	 stored	 for	 him.	 I’ve	 never	 met	 a	 man	 with	 so	 many belongings.	He	 has	them	scattered	 all	 about	 in	sea	 trunks.	Why,	 there	must	be	at least	twelve	of	them	down	there.”

“Really?	That	many?	I’ll	need	to	see	what	he’s	left	behind	for	national	security

reasons.”

“National	Security?	Okay.	I’ll	show	you.	There’s	nothing	left	in	the	safe,	though.

I	think	one	of	your	men	already	took	what	was	there	shortly	after	Mr	Tesla	passed

away.	I	can’t	be	certain,	though,	until	I	check	the	log	book	of	what	went	in	the	safe

and	what	went	out,”	said	Warner.

The	 FBI	 agent	 shook	 his	 head	 and	 said,	 “Not	 worried	 about	 what	 was	 in	 the safe.	I	know	that	was	already	cleaned	it	out.	But	our	team	didn’t	realize	that	Tesla

had	stuff	downstairs	that	had	been	stored	away	as	well.	I’d	like	to	see	what	he	had

down	there	in	the	basement,	please,	if	you’ve	got	time	to	show	me?”

The	night	manager	grabbed	some	keys	and	put	on	his	blazer.	“Certainly,	sir,	if

you’ll	follow	me	then.”

Several	stories	underground,	Warner	slid	open	a	metal	door	and	walked	inside.

He	reached	over	to	the	wall	near	the	door	and	turned	on	the	light.	The	room	they

entered	was	large	and	poorly	lit,	with	a	multitude	of	boxes	and	safes	lining	the	walls.

Warner	realized	that	he	should	make	inquiries	about	these	belongings	of	Mr	Tesla’s,

so	he	attempted	to	ask	the	agent	about	where	the	items	were	going	to	be	taken.	“I

know	that	you’re	with	the	FBI,	sir,	but	shouldn’t	these	items	be	given	to	his	next	of

kin?”

The	 FBI	 agent	 explained	 shortly.	 “We’re	 taking	 all	 of	 Tesla’s	 belongings	 for

reasons	of	national	security.	I’ve	already	told	you	that.	He	was	a	man	that	conceived of	and	invented	many	advanced	technologies.	We’re	just	making	sure	nothing	falls

into	 the	 wrong	 hands.	 There’s	 a	 war	 going	 on.”	 The	 agent	 scoffed.	 “We	 have	 to protect	our	national	interests,	right?”

“Of	course,	sir,”	the	night	manager	replied.	That	still	didn’t	sit	right	with	him,

but	he	wasn’t	willing	to	argue	with	an	FBI	agent	and	risk	his	job—not	while	he	had

a	wife	and	two	kids	to	feed.	Warner	pointed	to	the	sea	trunks	that	belonged	to	Mr

Tesla.	 They	 walked	 to	 the	 back	 of	 the	 room	 to	 a	 makeshift	 locker	 that	 had	 the number	108	on	it.	Warner	took	out	his	heavy	set	of	keys	and	found	the	one	for	the

padlock—only	 one	 locker,	 of	 many	 lockers	 containing	 the	 archives	 of	 Mr	 Tesla’s life	strewn	all	across	the	dark	gallows	of	New	York	City.

There	were	twelve	sea	trunks,	stacked	four	high	and	three	deep	against	the	wall

of	locker	108.	As	Warner	slid	the	creaky	chain-link	door	open	to	Tesla’s	personal

items,	he	said	to	the	agent,	“These	all	belonged	to	Mr	Tesla.”

“I’m	not	going	to	be	able	to	get	through	all	of	this	on	my	own,”	muttered	the

agent	in	astonishment.	“I’ll	need	to	get	help	with	this.	If	I	call	a	few	more	agents,

will	you	show	them	where	I	am,	please?”

“Certainly,	 sir,	 but	 I	 don’t	 mind	 giving	 you	 a	 hand.	 You	 might	 need	 a	 hand truck	 to	 take	 them	 to	 the	 elevator?”	 stated	 Warner.	 Acknowledging	 that	 a	 hand truck	would	certainly	lighten	the	task,	the	agent	agreed	to	the	manager’s	offer.

It	 was	 late	 evening	 before	 the	 agent,	 Todd	 Barker,	 left	 the	 hotel	 with	 several other	agents	that	had	come	with	an	unmarked,	standard-issue,	white	moving	truck.

They	 quickly	 removed	 the	 trunks	 one	 by	 one,	 using	 the	 hand	 truck	 borrowed	 to them	by	the	night	manager,	after	backing	down	the	alley	service	ramps	of	the	hotel.

They	took	the	last	load	of	Tesla’s	sea	trunks	across	town	to	an	unknown	location

where	they	could	take	a	better	look	at	each	one	under	better	light.

When	 Agent	 Barker	 was	 finished	 securing	 his	 new	 “national	 treasures”	 in	 a

nondescript	warehouse	near	the	port,	he	went	to	his	car	and	got	in.	After	lighting	a

smoke,	he	reached	into	his	coat	pocket	and	pulled	out	a	business	card	to	confirm

the	street	address	that	he	needed	to	find	per	his	next	set	of	instructions.	As	he	drove

out	of	the	city,	he	headed	to	an	area	that	he	hadn’t	been	to	in	quite	some	time—not since	he’d	come	to	an	agreement	with	the	homeowner	about	“certain	matters”	and

what	 “they”	 might	 cost	 if	 he	 were	 to	 make	 “things	 happen”	 using	 his	 powers	 of influence.

After	an	hour	of	driving	out	of	the	city,	he	reached	his	destination.	As	he	pulled

up	to	an	iron	gate	in	a	posh	suburb	in	upstate	New	York,	he	saw	a	guard	in	a	small

hut	turn	his	head	towards	the	jet	black	Studebaker.	Barker	waved	at	him	and	put

his	car	into	park	as	he	pulled	in	front	of	the	guard.

The	guard	on	duty	watched	the	car	stop,	then	promptly	stepped	out	of	his	tiny

hut.	He	bent	over	to	speak	into	the	partly-rolled-down	window,	politely	asking	for

Barker’s	 ID.	 Barker	 reached	 into	 his	 front	 jacket	 pocket	 pulled	 out	 his	 ID	 and passed	it	to	the	guard	with	a	smirk.	The	guard	returned	to	his	hut	to	check	Barker’s

credentials—checking	 to	 see	 if	 he	 had,	 in	 fact,	 been	 granted	 access	 from	 his commander	in	the	big	house.	The	guard	returned	to	the	side	of	the	vehicle.	“Agent

Barker,	unfortunately,	I	don’t	have	you	on	the	list.”

“I’m	expected,”	said	the	man	in	the	car.	“You’d	better	call	him.	He	wants	to	hear

what	I	have	to	say.”

“Please	wait	in	your	car,	and	I’ll	phone	to	announce	you.	I’ll	see	if	I	can	approve

your	access,	Mr	Barker,”	the	guard	stated	professionally,	as	he	walked	back	into	his

guard	shack	and	picked	up	the	direct	house	line	to	his	boss.	In	only	a	minute,	the

gate,	adorned	with	what	looked	like	an	ancient	family	crest	with	two	symmetrically

opposed	 black	 eagles	 upon	 it,	 opened.	 The	 guard	 waved	 Agent	 Barker	 on	 to	 the house	of	George	Scherff	Senior.

Scherff	 Senior	 was	 a	 tall	 well-groomed	 man,	 dressed	 in	 a	 navy	 velvet	 smoking jacket	and	a	pair	of	navy	silk	pyjama	pants.	He	was	gently	gyrating	a	fine	American

bourbon	on	the	rocks	in	a	short	crystal	glass	in	his	right	hand	when	Agent	Barker

was	escorted	into	his	study	by	the	butler.	The	butler	closed	the	door	behind	him,

leaving	their	presence	to	complete	his	chores	cleaning-up	Scherff’s	private	quarters.

A	place	no	one	dare	go	or	speak	of	unless	they	were	“initiated.”

The	 first	 thing	 gruffly	 spat	 out	 of	 Scherff’s	 mouth,	 barely	 concealing	 his	 faint

Hessian	dialect,	was,	“Did	you	get	the	job	done?”

“Of	course	I	did,”	said	the	FBI	agent.	“The	plan	worked	perfectly.”

“Good,”	Scherff	Senior	grunted	as	he	abruptly	finished	with	Barker.	He	picked

up	the	phone	and	made	a	call	to	his	office	landlord—Mr	Frank	Rockefeller.	Scherff

spoke	 into	 the	 phone	 when	 he	 heard	 someone	 answer	 curtly	 on	 the	 other	 end.

“Hello,	 sir.	 I’m	 going	 to	 need	 to	 see	 you	 tomorrow	 morning.	 Can	 you	 fit	 me	 in?

The	 job’s	 done,”	 Scherff	 Senior	 stated	 as	 he	 spoke	 over	 the	 phone	 for	 another minute.

After	he	hung	up,	he	looked	over	at	Agent	Barker.	“Did	you	get	all	the	stuff	he

was	working	on?”

Barker	nodded	his	head	as	he	lit	a	cigar	from	a	match	struck	on	his	shoe	bottom.

“I	 found	 quite	 a	 number	 of	 sea	 trunks	 in	 the	 basement	 of	 the	 hotel	 and	 others around	the	city,	sir.”

“What	about	his	ideas	for	teleportation	and	flying	saucers	and	all	that?”	Scherff

Senior	dug	in.

“That	 man	 was	 a	 pack	 rat.	 He’s	 got	 so	 much	 shit	 in	 those	 sea	 trunks	 that	 I haven’t	had	the	opportunity	to	go	through	them	thoroughly.	And	to	be	honest	with

you,	I	wouldn’t	know	what	to	look	for.	There	are	literally	volumes	and	volumes	of

notebooks	in	those	trunks,	and	it’s	going	to	take	a	while	to	actually	work	through	it

all.	That	part	is	going	to	be	tricky.	I	figure,	as	soon	as	I	start	spending	time	there,	at the	warehouse	people	are	going	to	get	suspicious.”

“Not	to	worry,”	said	Scherff.	“I’ll	find	somebody	at	MIT	to	do	it.	You’ve	done

well	for	me	so	far,	Agent	Barker.	Now	go	home	and	take	a	few	days	off.	I’ll	make

some	calls	and	get	back	to	you	shortly.”

“Okay.	Glad	this	is	over.	You	know	where	to	reach	me,”	Agent	Barker	said	over

his	shoulder	as	he	walked	out	of	the	room	and	was	escorted	out	of	the	house	by	a

body	guard,	who	had	stood	sentinel	by	the	front	entrance	to	the	study.	As	he	left

the	main	house,	he	wondered	who	would	get	the	unlucky	job	of	reading	through	all

of	Tesla’s	notes.	He	would	find	out	soon	enough,	but	he	was	glad	that	it	wouldn’t

be	him.

Back	 in	 the	 house,	 Scherff	 Senior	 reached	 under	 his	 desk	 for	 an	 opening connected	to	a	panel	that	was	on	the	wall.	It	was	only	an	inch-wide	opening,	but	it

was	connected	to	a	thin	cable	line	with	a	small	loop	on	the	end	of	it.	He	pulled	the

line	and	opened	a	secret	door	in	the	wall.

He	walked	inside	and	looked	at	several	pictures	that	were	framed	and	placed	in

rigid	 alignment	 on	 the	 back	 wall.	 They	 reminded	 him	 of	 a	 time	 when	 he	 hadn’t lived	in	the	United	States.	Some	of	the	faces	were	now	gone,	but	there	were	others

who	were	still	alive.	Many	had	been	sent	abroad	to	do	work	for	the	Fuhrer.

“I’ve	completed	my	mission.	Ohne	Betrug	Kein	Sieg.	No	victory	without

deception,”	he	said	as	he	reached	for	a	bottle	that	he	had	on	the	floor	behind	a

chair.	He	took	a	small	glass	and	put	it	on	the	small	table	that	ran	along	one	of	the

walls	and	sat	down	on	the	chair	beside	it.	As	the	glass	filled	up,	he	had	a	look	on	his face	that	expressed	great	pride	in	knowing	he	had	made	his	leaders	happy.





Chapter	1

A	 few	 days	 later,	 agent	 Barker	 received	 a	 phone	 call	 and	 was	 told	 that	 the professor	 that	 would	 go	 through	 Tesla’s	 sea	 trunks	 was	 none	 other	 than	 John Trump.

Trump	 was	 a	 professor	 at	 MIT.	 He	 was	 known	 for	 being	 exceptionally

intelligent.	He	excelled	in	high	voltage	physics	and	seemed	to	be	just	the	right	kind

of	 theoretical	 and	 practical	 man	 for	 the	 job	 of	 deciphering	 Tesla’s	 images	 and designs	and	perhaps	prototyping	his	“phantasmic”	flying	machines	for	the	“greater

good”.	Agent	Barker	was	sent	to	speak	with	him	personally.	When	he	finally	tracked

him	 down,	 the	 professor	 was	 found	 reading	 in	 an	 office	 that	 was	 cluttered,	 with diagrams	 tacked	 to	 the	 walls	 and	 other	 odd	 mystical	 gadgets	 spread	 out	 over	 his shelves	and	pushed	to	the	front	of	his	desk.

Agent	Barker	knocked	on	his	office	door	and	was	welcomed	in	by	the	professor.

“Dr	 Trump,	 I’m	 the	 FBI	 agent	 that	 phoned	 you	 yesterday,”	 he	 said	 as	 he	 walked into	his	small	office	and	looked	for	a	place	to	sit	down.

“Yes,	I	remember	speaking	with	you.	Thank	you	for	showing	up	on	time,	Agent

Barker.	How	can	I	help	you?”	said	John	Trump	as	he	welcomed	this	brooding	guest

to	sit	down	in	the	chair	in	front	of	his	desk.

Barker	said,	“Let	me	cut	to	the	chase	to	save	us	both	some	time,	Professor.	I’m

not	 here	 for	 pleasantries.	 I’m	 here	 to	 request	 that	 you	 take	 a	 two-week	 leave	 of absence	from	work.	There’s	a	matter	of	national	security	that	we	need	you	to	assist

us	with.”

Trump	asked,	“What	is	it	you	want	me	to	do?	And	who	exactly	is	 us?”

Barker	said,	“It’s	better	if	I	show	you	rather	than	tell	you.	Let’s	take	a	drive,	shall we?”

And	 so,	 later	 that	 morning,	 the	 duo	 showed	 up	 back	 up	 at	 the	 FBI-owned

warehouse	 where	 Tesla’s	 belongings	 had	 been	 stored.	 Trump	 was	 shown	 the	 sea trunks	filled	with	information.	It	blew	his	socks	off	when	he	saw	how	much	work

was	being	asked	of	him.

Barker	said,	“Your	job	is	to	go	through	Tesla’s	property	and	to	specifically	look

for	 anything	 to	 do	 with	 flying	 saucers	 and	 or	 teleportation	 technology	 that	 could give	us	an	edge	over	other	countries.

At	first,	Trump	wasn’t	sure	if	he	wanted	to	get	involved.	It	only	took	a	little	bit

of	poking	around	the	first	trunk	to	change	his	mind.	Trump	was	instantly	invested

in	the	work	after	peering	into	the	first	diary	he	picked	out.	“I’m	going	to	need	at

least	a	few	weeks	to	dig	into	all	of	this.	It	could	actually	take	months	to	catalogue	it all	and	make	sense	of	it.	I	don’t	know	if	I	can	do	all	of	this	in	just	two	weeks,	Agent Barker.	 That’s	 asking	 too	 much	 of	 me.	 This	 is	 Nikola	 Tesla	 we’re	 talking	 about here.	You	and	I	both	know	that	he	was	meticulous	and	was	lightyears	ahead	of	us	in

academia.”

Barker	 nodded.	“I	 know.	 Well,	 start	 on	 it,	 and	 if	 it’s	 necessary,	 I	 can	 give	 you more	 time.	 And	 don’t	 worry	 about	 MIT.	 We’ll	 have	 somebody	 cover	 your	 work

over	there.	Your	pay	will	still	keep	coming	in,	too,”	Barker	assured	him.

“That’s	 good,	 but	 I	 think	 you’ll	 have	 to	 give	 me	 a	 whole	 lot	 more	 than	 what MIT	is	paying	me	if	you	want	me	to	figure	out	and	find	what	you’re	looking	for.

Have	a	think	about	that	and	I	can	start	work	here	as	early	as	tomorrow,	but	I’ll	need

someone	to	let	me	in	and	out	each	day,”	the	professor	stated.

“Okay.	Deal.	Be	here	at	9	a.m.	and	I’ll	make	sure	somebody	lets	you	in.	Bring	a

decent	lunch	because	once	you’re	in	here,	you’re	not	leaving	until	closing,	which	is

at	6	p.m.”

The	professor	agreed,	and	agent	Barker	drove	him	back	to	his	office	at	MIT.

During	 his	 time	 sorting	 through	 the	 man’s	 belongings,	 Trump	 found	 many

diaries	 and	 notebooks	 that	 spanned	 page	 after	 page	 of	 images	 he’d	 never	 even conceived	could	be	created,	let	alone	translated	into	logical-mathematical	structures

that	 defied	 normal	 scientific	 understanding.	 His	 inventions	 were	 endless	 and	 his theories	 and	 the	 types	 of	 physics	 Tesla	 was	 using,	 blew	 John	 Trump’s	 mind.	 He spent	hours	sitting	and	reading	through	them,	jotting	down	notes	on	various	names

and	 figures	 he	 would	 need	 to	 look	 into	 later.	 He	 would	 spend	 an	 entire	 day

studying	just	one	patent.	Often,	the	technology	being	proposed	was	above	his	pay grade	and	there	were	many	times	when	he	felt	this	way	as	he	delved	into	the	mind

of	this	incredible	inventor.

In	 those	 journals,	 Trump	 learned	 many	 things	 that	 would	 surely	 become

national	secrets.

To	Dr	Trump’s	astonishment	he	soon	discovered	that,	at	one	point,	Tesla	had

been	hired	by	the	US	government	to	put	a	radio	receiver	up	in	the	Statue	of	Liberty

for	 listening	 purposes.	 Later,	 John	 discovered	 an	 entry	 in	 one	 of	 Nikola’s	 diaries about	how	he	was	invited	to	help	Mr	Eiffel	in	France	to	create	a	radio	receiver	high

up	 in	 the	 Eiffel	 tower	 to	 help	 the	 French	 find	 German	 spies	 in	 World	 War	 I, perhaps	 alluding	 to	 why	 his	 transcripts	 and	 drawings	 were	 classed	 as	 critical	 to obtaining	for	the	future	safety	of	America.

The	secret	group	that	had	seconded	John	Trump	to	this	most	incredible	glimpse

inside	 the	 mind	 of	 a	 true	 pathfinder	 in	 electrical	 engineering,	 Nikola	 Tesla,	 was keen	to	find	out	how	genius	Nikola	truly	was.

The	 details	 of	 things	 not	 even	 yet	 imagined	 were	 all	 in	 the	 journals,	 written down	 as	 proof	 of	 Tesla’s	 visionary	 ability	 to	 create	 amazing	 inventions.	 Trump couldn’t	imagine	reading	this	man’s	works	in	just	a	few	short	weeks,	let	alone	a	year.

He	needed	more	time—much	more	time.

In	that	moment,	the	semantics	didn’t	matter.	Trump	just	needed	to	tell	Barker

the	situation	he	saw	in	front	of	him.	He	knew	he	was	in	a	special	place,	but	he	had	a

sneaking	suspicion	that	he	wouldn’t	be	the	only	person	that	would	be	given	access

to	 Tesla’s	 materials	 from	 here	 on	 out.	 He	 predicted	 that	 Tesla’s	 notes	 and inventions	would	soon	disappear	and	not	be	seen	by	the	public	again.





Chapter	2

Darren	Mathews

February	12,	1991

Darren	Mathews	was	one	of	several	men	who	happened	to	make	up	the	most

elite	 group	 of	 Australia’s	 Defense	 Force—the	 Special	 Air	 Service.	 It	 was	 a	 late summer	day	in	Freemantle,	Western	Australia.	The	weather	had	been	good	so	far.

The	skies	above	them	were	blue	and	clear	of	any	clouds,	the	day	was	scorching,	as

always.	They	were	just	starting	their	annual	leave,	and	the	soldiers	had	decided	to

gather	together	in	a	park	and	celebrate	the	start	of	it	with	a	round	of	beers	under	the cover	of	a	canvas	tarp,	strung	up	between	their	vehicles	for	shade.	On	the	tailgate

was	a	fiery	BBQ	one	of	the	soldiers	in	civvies	was	tending	to,	charring	some	prawns

and	chicken	for	the	other	smiling	chaps	watching	him	work	the	grill.

Mark	Wood,	an	SAS	Trooper,	had	already	downed	several	more	beers	than	the

rest	of	his	mates.	He	jeered,	not	for	the	first	time	that	day.	“I	just	don’t	get	it,	guys.

The	base	is	in	Australia!	Australia!	But	they’re	telling	us	Aussies	that	we	can’t	go	in it.	What	the	fuck,	mate?	It’s	our	fucking	country,	ain’t	it?”

“Pine	Gap	doesn’t	make	any	sense,”	replied	SAS	Trooper	Benny	Hamilton.	“A

U.S.	Territory,	my	ass.	I	don’t	believe	you.	It	can’t	possibly	be	true,	mate.	How	the

fuck	could	that	be?”

“It’s	true,”	said	Mark.	“I	can	prove	it.”

Darren	demanded,	“How	are	you	going	to	prove	it	then,	eh?”

“I’ll	show	it	to	you,”	said	Mark.	“We’ll	go	to	the	base	before	our	leave	is	up.	I’ll

prove	it	to	you	that	it’s	there!	We’ll	have	to	do	an	epic	drive,	through.	You	up	to	the challenge,	mate?”

They	 made	 a	 drunken	 vow,	 agreeing	 to	 go	 check	 it	 out.	 After	 all,	 they	 figured that	nobody	would	tell	them	that	Australian	Special	Forces	weren’t	allowed	to	enter

a	base	within	Australia—not	when	they	had	valid	military	identification!

The	 group	 of	 them	 decided	 to	 drive	 out,	 taking	 several	 vehicles	 from	 Western Australia	all	the	way	to	the	middle	of	the	Northern	Territory.	Dust.	Flat	tires.	Hot!

Almost	 melting	 pavement.	 Nothing	 but	 dirt	 roads.	 The	 trip	 to	 the	 Northern

Territory	was	long,	scorching,	and	hard	on	vehicles.	It	wasn’t	safe	to	drive	at	sunrise or	sunset	either,	due	to	the	animals	that	often	moved	across	the	roads.	’Roos	were

the	 worst	 offenders,	 and	 they	 did	 the	 most	 damage,	 often	 taking	 out	 entire	 front grills	and	causing	grave	damage	to	windshields	if	you	met	them	at	the	wrong	angle.

Wallabies	and	wombats	were	frequent	asphalt	crossers	too.	They	might	not	have

been	 quite	 as	 big	 a	 hit	 as	 taking	 down	 a	 ’roo,	 but	 they	 still	 did	 a	 number	 on	 a vehicle’s	 undercarriage.	 Large	 brown	 snakes	 and	 other	 slithering	 cold-blooded

creatures	 often	 lounged	 in	 the	 middle	 of	 the	 road	 during	 the	 late	 hours	 of	 the evening,	absorbing	rays	and	soaking	up	the	last	of	the	day’s	heat.	It	wasn’t	a	pleasant experience	to	run	over	them	either.	The	men	did	their	best	to	avoid	any	untimely

incidents	 on	 the	 road	 as	 it	 usually	 meant	 someone	 would	 have	 the	 misfortune	 of untangling	a	gooey,	bloody	mess	from	the	underside	of	the	SUV.

The	first	night,	they	pulled	over	at	about	two	in	the	morning.	They’d	travelled

quite	far	without	incident,	but	everyone	was	tired	from	the	heat	and	monotonous

highways	 they’d	 been	 enduring.	 As	 they	 pulled	 off	 the	 road,	 Darren	 Mathews

marvelled	 at	 how	 clear	 the	 skies	 were.	 He	 could	 see	 what	 seemed	 like	 an	 infinite number	of	stars	above	his	head.	He	rolled	down	his	window	and	stuck	his	head	out

to	 have	 a	 better	 look	 at	 the	 glowing	 and	 sparkling	 sky	 above.	 His	 old	 Toyota Troopy	model	HJ47	was	made	for	this	landscape,	and	he	drove	it	off	the	road	to	a

flat	spot	before	parking	it	while	his	friends	followed	him	to	do	the	same.	It	was	one

of	the	simplest	engines	to	work	on	too,	which	made	it	very	appealing	to	the	bloke

that	needed	to	work	out	in	the	bush.

The	good	thing	about	his	Troopy	was	that	he	could	sleep	in	it	with	no	problems.

No	scorpions	would	be	crawling	into	his	sleeping	bag	tonight,	and	that	made	him

happy!	 The	 night	 stretched	 out	 around	 them;	 it	 was	 cool	 enough	 considering	 the time	of	year,	with	a	dry	stiff	breeze	blowing	through	and	stirring	up	the	dust	and

dirt	 around	 them.	 The	 stars	 were	 bright,	 a	 mass	 of	 silver	 specks	 faintly	 glowing

against	the	pitch	black	of	the	sky,	like	paint	splatters	on	a	black	canvas.

After	seeing	his	mates	pull	out	their	gear,	he	continued	to	make	his	bed	for	the

night	inside	the	back	of	his	vehicle.	When	he	was	just	about	done,	Trooper	Wood

came	up	to	him	with	a	beer	and	knocked	on	the	back	of	his	truck.	“Hey,	mate,	you

sleeping	in	that	palace	already?”

Mathews	opened	the	rear	of	the	truck.	It	was	a	former	military	model	that	had

been	phased	out.	It	could	carry	a	number	of	troops	and	gear,	but	for	one	person,

this	thing	 was	a	palace.

As	Darren	stepped	out	of	the	back	of	his	truck,	he	accepted	a	cold	can	of	Foster’s

from	his	friend.	He	smiled	at	Trooper	Wood	and	replied	to	his	question.	“I	want	to

enjoy	my	nights	out	here.	This	thing	has	some	luxuries,	I	reckon.”

Wood	watched	him	close	the	rear	of	his	Toyota.

“Yeah,	 those	 things	 are	 pretty	 roomy	 when	 you	 take	 out	 the	 bench	 seats.	 It’s starting	to	get	cold.	We	need	a	fire.	I	brought	some	wood	with	me	but	we	need	to

dig	a	pit.”

Darren	thought	that	was	a	dumb	idea	and	told	him	so,	“Mate,	that	means	you’ll

have	to	stay	up	all	night	watching	the	fire.	Why	don’t	you	just	set	up	your	tent	and

go	to	bed?”

Wood	pointed	up	to	the	stars	above	them.	“Have	you	not	been	checking	those

out?	This	place	is	fucking	amazing!	It’s	so	crystal	clear!	Maybe	I’ll	just	have	a	beer and	a	small	fire	but	I	want	to	stretch	out	and	relax	for	an	hour	and	check	it	out.

C’mon,	just	for	an	hour,	mate.	What’s	the	harm?”

Darren	relented	and	went	along	with	him	as	they	both	pointed	their	eyes	at	the

Southern	Cross—the	brightest	star	in	the	southern	hemisphere.	They	marvelled	at

the	sky	for	longer	than	an	hour,	both	caught	up	in	the	sight	of	it,	before	going	back

to	sleep.

The	 next	 couple	 of	 days	 driving	 toward	 the	 middle	 of	 Australia	 went	 by

astonishingly	quickly,	and	without	incident,	as	they	moved	through	the	harsh	desert

climate,	moving	closer	to	their	target	destination.	They’d	been	able	to	stop	in	a	few

towns	along	the	way	and	enjoy	a	few	chicken	Parma’s	and	some	cold	beers.	It	was

all	good	fun	and	excitement	for	the	seasoned	world	venturers.	At	their	last	fuel	stop, they	gathered	around	Darren’s	Troopy	to	look	at	a	topographical	map	that	showed

them	 approximately	 where	 Pine	 Gap	 was.	 After	 a	 short	 strategy	 session,	 they decided	 to	 place	 their	 vehicles	 in	 different	 locations,	 acknowledging	 the	 need	 to leave	 the	 engine	 keys	 inside	 the	 tailpipe	 for	 one	 another’s	 potential	 quick	 escape.

After	buying	extra	water	and	a	few	ice	creams	at	the	refuelling	station,	their	last	stop before	departing	Alice	Springs,	they	set	off	and	began	the	final	leg	of	their	journey

to	the	heartland	of	Australia.

By	 midnight,	 on	 their	 third	 night,	 they	 finally	 parked	 their	 vehicles	 far	 away from	 Pine	 Gap	 and	 camouflaged	 them	 with	 brown	 and	 beige	 cam	 nets	 that	 they had	borrowed	from	another	friend	of	theirs.	After	they	were	finished	securing	and

disguising	 their	 vehicles,	 they	 began	 their	 night	 patrol	 over	 the	 desert	 landscape, moving	toward	their	primary	objective.	It	was	going	to	mean	a	long	march	because

they	 had	 to	 park	 a	 good	 distance	 away—perhaps	 twenty	 miles	 Darren	 estimated.

The	 open	 landscape	 would	 make	 it	 easier	 to	 spot	 the	 base	 when	 they	 got	 close enough	to	it.

As	 they	 continued	 to	 move	 over	 the	 desert,	 the	 stars	 and	 the	 moon	 provided them	 with	 some	 spectacular	 views	 of	 the	 terrain,	 which	 lit	 up	 around	 them.	 It seemed	 as	 though	 the	 moon	 was	 three	 times	 brighter	 than	 usual.	 The	 stars	 were magnified	and	seemed	to	vibrate	by	the	moon’s	silver	glow.

From	what	Darren	Mathews	had	learned,	Pine	Gap	was	built	up	into	a	number

of	buildings	 on	the	 base	rumoured	to	 be	hangars	for	other	non-terrestrial	vehicles

and	was	the	primary	satellite	base	for	the	National	Reconnaissance	Office.	But	by

far,	the	most	interesting	rumour	Darren	had	heard	was	about	what	lay	below,	which

was	 what	 was	 compelling	 them	 to	 engage	 in	 such	 stealth	 activities.	 There	 was	 an airstrip	that	sat	on	the	outer	edges	of	the	base,	which	seemed	to	stretch	on	for	miles into	the	distance.

They	couldn’t	just	charge	their	way	in	and	cause	some	kind	of	crazy	fire-fight.

They	 had	 no	 weapons,	 and	 killing	 people	 wasn’t	 their	 intention.	 Darren’s	 guys wanted	to	sneak	around	and	see	what	was	being	hidden	from	the	Australian	public.

They	needed	to	invest	some	time	and	observe	the	area	without	being	detected.	That was	their	plan.

They	crept	slowly	through	the	desert	terrain.	When	they	were	only	a	few	miles

from	 the	 base,	 the	 group	 stopped	 and	 silently	 established	 a	 forward	 observation post.	 It	 was	 3	 a.m.,	 and	 the	 base	 would	 soon	 be	 alive	 again	 with	 all	 kinds	 of personnel	moving	to	and	fro.	The	soldiers	set	to	work	digging	and	then	setting	up

their	camouflage,	which	gave	them	good	protection	from	the	morning	sun.	When	it

finally	began	to	rise	at	5	a.m.,	a	team	of	two	took	the	morning	shift	while	the	other

two	 slept	 under	 the	 camouflaged	 shelters.	 If	 they’d	 done	 their	 job	 right,	 nobody would	detect	them.

During	the	shift,	Wood	monitored	the	base	through	his	spotting	scope,	moving

from	 radome	 to	 radome,	 trying	 to	 catch	 a	 glimpse	 of	 anything	 that	 moved.	 He noticed	that	several	large	trucks	had	come	onto	the	base	and	had	been	escorted	into

a	hangar.	They	didn’t	come	out	again.

As	 the	 sun	 finally	 began	 to	 emerge,	 casting	 the	 land	 in	 shades	 of	 pink	 and orange,	Darren	drank	some	water	from	his	canteen	cup.	He	noticed	a	small	lizard

had	crawled	up	to	his	boot	and	was	checking	it	out.	The	lizard	was	dark	brown	with

a	bright	red	crest	on	the	underside	of	its	throat.	It	was	barely	as	long	as	a	pencil	and missing	half	of	its	tail.	Darren	moved	his	shoe	to	startle	it,	and	the	creature	skittered away	as	fast	as	it	could.

“I’m	lucky	that	wasn’t	a	fuckin’	snake,”	he	muttered	to	himself	as	he	called	over

to	the	men.	“You	guys	ready	to	do	a	switch	around?”	The	reply	came	back	that	they

were	ready	to	trade	places,	so	Darren	made	certain	that	his	rucksack	was	all	packed

up	and	ready	to	run	with	if	the	need	should	arise.	He	looked	over	at	his	friend	who

was	also	packing	up	his	gear	and	nodded	in	the	direction	of	a	rocky	outpost	another

twenty	meters	ahead.	A	few	minutes	later,	they	crawled	forward	and	took	up	their

positions	 to	 watch	 from	 a	 ledge	 overlooking	 the	 base,	 patiently	 waiting	 for	 some sign	of	life	down	below	their	scorching	perch.

Darren	and	his	mates	were	shocked	by	what	they	observed	on	the	second	night.

It	was	2	a.m.	when	a	large	triangular	craft	floated	down	from	the	sky	and	hovered

over	the	base	for	a	short	while.	It	was	obvious	to	them	that	whatever	it	was	had	antigravity	abilities.	There	was	no	sound	and	no	air	current	below	it	either.	They	were

too	 far	 off	 to	 tell	 who	 or	 what	 was	 maneuvering	 the	 strange	 craft,	 but	 it	 was surrounded	 by	 bright	 multi-coloured	 lights,	 and	 it	 was	 big—possibly	 a	 hundred meters	 in	 length.	 Eventually,	 it	 landed	 on	 the	 base	 just	 outside	 one	 of	 its	 largest hangars	before	a	crew	suddenly	appeared	to	slide	open	the	massive	doors	to	allow

the	craft	to	float	inside.

“What	 the	 fuck	 was	 that	 thing,	 mate?”	 asked	 Darren’s	 observer.	 Darren	 shook his	head.	“Well,	if	you	saw	what	I	saw,	I	think	a	giant	triangle	landed	on	the	base.

That	tells	us	a	lot	about	what’s	going	on	here,	I	reckon,”	Darren	replied.

At	 4	 a.m.,	 more	 of	 the	 unexpected	 occurred	 when	 a	 series	 of	 lights	 that	 were moving	around	in	very	strange	patterns	came	down	from	space	and	came	down	to

the	 base,	 also	 to	 be	 sheltered	 within	 the	 confines	 of	 a	 hangar.	 There	 were	 nine	 of them	and	the	light	that	they	were	emitting	was	green.

“Wood!	Holy	shit!	Are	you	guys	seeing	this?”	Mathews	called	out	to	his	buddies.

When	Trooper	Wood	looked	at	the	scene	before	him,	he	was	amazed	at	what	he

was	 witnessing.	 “Those	 things	 are	 landing	 on	 the	 base.	 Those	 aren’t	 manmade!

There’s	no	way	they	are!	Does	that	mean	that	we’re	entertaining	ET	guests	on	the

base?”	he	asked	his	mates.

“I	reckon	so,”	was	the	response.	At	the	place	where	Darren	saw	the	balls	of	light

descend	 and	 land	 before	 one	 of	 the	 hangars,	 he	 decided	 that	 they	 needed	 to	 get closer.	He	brought	it	up	in	conversation	when	they	changed	shifts,	and	they	decided

that	they	would	spend	another	night	there	extending	their	operation,	but	this	time,

they	would	actually	sneak	onto	the	base.

The	next	morning	Darren	was	looking	through	his	bino’s	when	he	saw	a	black

helicopter	set	down	on	a	landing	pad.	As	he	watched	it	land	he	was	careful	not	to

lose	 his	 grip,	 which	 was	 sweaty	 from	 the	 heat.	 Then,	 a	 man	 stepped	 out	 that	 he immediately	recognized.	“Mate,	take	a	look	at	this.	Is	that	President	Bush?”

This	time	Wood	answered,	as	he	had	decided	he	would	take	the	morning	shift—

he	didn’t	want	to	go	to	sleep	after	what	they’d	just	seen	during	the	night.	“I	reckon

it	is.	Sure	looks	like	him,	mate.”

For	 two	 hours,	 both	 Mathews	 and	 Wood	 kept	 watching,	 and	 by	 10	 a.m.

President	Bush	had	returned	to	his	helicopter.

When	 night	 fell,	 the	 four	 men	 were	 ready	 to	 breech	 the	 base.	 They	 began	 to sneak	forward,	heading	toward	the	base,	where	they	thought	it	may	be	vulnerable	to

stealth	invaders.	They	zig-zagged	many	times	as	they	tried	to	follow	features	in	the

terrain	that	would	hide	them.	When	they	got	to	the	fenced	area,	Mathews	looked

for	areas	in	the	fence	that	would	allow	them	to	enter.

“Don’t	 touch	 the	 fence	 mate,”	 was	 Wood’s	 suggestion.	 “If	 the	 President	 is

landing	 here	 and	 the	 UFO’s	 are	 landing	 here,	 they’re	 bound	 to	 be	 watching	 that fence.	We	need	to	either	dig	under	it	or	jump	over	it.	One	of	the	two.	Or	we	don’t

go	onto	the	base	at	all	and	we	go	and	make	another	observation	post	a	bit	closer	but

not	on	the	base.”

Darren	took	his	comments	seriously.	He	looked	at	the	fence.	“I	say	we	dig	under

it.	We’ll	take	turns	and	dig	a	trench	so	we	can	crawl	under.	Then,	we’ll	cover	it	up

so	it	can’t	be	seen	from	the	air.”

Wood	didn’t	like	the	idea,	nor	did	the	others.	“We’ll	leave	a	huge	hole.	They’ll

find	it	eventually,”	Wood	replied,	but	he	could	see	that	Darren	was	determined	to

get	on	the	base,	so	he	relented	and	started	to	help	dig.

After	an	hour	of	digging	in	the	warm	red	soil,	they	had	a	deep	enough	hole	to

slide	under.	They	covered	it	over	with	some	cam	net	to	conceal	their	efforts.	Then,

they	hiked	back	out	to	the	bush	and	hid	their	rucksacks,	which	they	would	retrieve

later.	 Going	 onto	 the	 base	 by	 way	 of	 a	 hole	 in	 the	 fence	 meant	 moving	 around quickly	without	cumbersome	gear.

At	 01:30	 a.m.,	 all	 four	 of	 them	 were	 on	 the	 base	 and	 observing	 the	 hangars.

None	 of	 them	 said	 a	 thing	 as	 the	 warm	 weather	 disappeared	 and	 the	 cold	 set	 in.

Over	 time,	 their	 bodies	 were	 starting	 to	 get	 cold,	 but	 they	 persevered.	 They	 were used	to	this	kind	of	thing.	But	the	shock	of	their	lives	came	at	02:15	when	the	balls

of	 light	 returned	 and	 they	 arrived	 again	 at	 the	 hangar.	 The	 four	 men	 watched	 in awe	 as	 the	 lights	 became	 portals	 and	 several	 larger-than-normal	 human	 men	 with

long	blonde	hair	stepped	out	of	them	and	were	quickly	met	by	men	in	uniform	on the	ground.	They	were	then	escorted	into	the	hanger.

Mathews	looked	at	his	friends	and	shook	his	head.	“This	is	fucking	amazing!	Did

you	see	how	tall	those	people	were?	They	were	at	least	eight	feet	high!	Where	do	we

have	people	that	tall	on	Earth	that	are	white?”

Suddenly,	 drones	 flooded	 the	 sky	 and	 cast	 light	 down	 all	 around	 them,

illuminating	their	positions.	American	forces	seemed	to	charge	them	from	all	sides.

Darren	made	a	run	for	it,	Mark	at	his	heels,	but	there	was	nowhere	to	go.	A	soldier

shot	 some	 kind	 of	 electrical	 weapon	 at	 Darren,	 causing	 his	 muscles	 to	 seize	 up, dropping	him	instantly	Another	soldier	soon	took	his	wrists	and	put	them	behind

his	back.	He	applied	zip	ties	to	them	and	watched	other	guards	do	the	same	to	the

other	men.

Guns	 stayed	 cocked,	 levelled	 at	 them,	 while	 the	 military	 police	 showed	 up	 in several	 vehicles.	 The	 Americans	 swiftly	 took	 Darren	 and	 his	 men	 prisoner	 and escorted	them	to	the	detention	block.

After	they	had	taken	the	Australians	into	the	building,	an	American	officer	gave

the	order	to	securely	pat	them	down	and	strip	them	of	their	clothing.	Darren’s	men

didn’t	 make	 eye	 contact	 with	 their	 captives	 and	 wouldn’t	 give	 them	 any

information.	They	were	soon	searched	by	three	men	each	and	given	prison	clothing

to	put	on.	“Get	them	in	cells.	Keep	them	separated.	I’ll	notify	the	general	that	our

perimeter’s	 been	 breached,”	 stated	 a	 young	 captain	 who	 was	 in	 charge	 of	 the security	detail.

The	 Americans	 put	 each	 Australian	 into	 their	 own	 cell.	 A	 few	 minutes	 later, Darren	was	photographed.	Someone	else	said,	“State	your	name.”

“Piss	off,”	said	Darren.	He	knew	the	others	would	be	just	as	unhelpful.

“One	last	chance	to	cooperate,”	said	the	American.	“State	your	name.”

“Oh,	sure,”	said	Darren.	“First	name:	Piss.	Second	name:	Off.”

The	American	frowned.	He	left	without	another	word.

By	 morning,	 the	 American	 general	 in	 charge	 of	 the	 base	 met	 with	 a	 CIA

intelligence	officer	in	his	office.	She	had	four	manila	folders	with	their	full	history

given	to	her.	This	was	her	first	high-priority	case	posting	and	she	had	a	strong	drive to	prove	herself	to	the	other	members	of	her	agency.

The	military	base	commander,	General	Sheppard,	cautioned	Anna	before	she	left

his	 office.	 “These	 men	 are	 Australian	 soldiers.	 They’re	 not	 going	 to	 like	 being interrogated	by	a	woman,	so	I	suggest	you	read	up	on	who	they	are,	Anna,	before

you	go	in	to	see	them.”

Anna	said,	“Of	course,	General.	I’ll	read	over	their	files	right	away.”

Anna	left	the	general’s	office	and	went	down	the	hallway	to	her	office.

When	she	got	to	the	file	of	Darren	Mathews,	she	was	impressed	by	his	training.

He	 was	 going	 to	 be	 sent	 to	 Iraq	 in	 the	 coming	 months.	 When	 she	 looked	 at	 the other	 files,	 she	 knew	 that	 these	 men	 were	 not	 your	 average	 infantry	 soldiers.	 Her handling	of	these	men	required	some	tact	since	they	had	seen	things	that	would	be

best	 kept	 quiet.	 The	 US	 president	 had	 just	 been	 there,	 and	 if	 the	 base	 had	 been infiltrated	while	he	was	on	it,	that	would	have	been	very	embarrassing	to	the	higher-ups.	 She	 needed	 to	 have	 a	 plan	 for	 those	 men	 or	 they	 would	 start	 singing	 to	 the press.

By	1	p.m.,	she	had	a	good	idea	of	how	she	wanted	to	handle	things,	but	first,	she

needed	to	make	the	prisoners	sweat	a	little.	She	made	a	phone	call	to	the	minister	of

national	defence	in	Australia	and	asked	to	speak	directly	with	the	minister.	When

she	told	him	that	she	had	four	of	his	soldiers	being	held	on	their	base,	he	became

quite	 apologetic.	 When	 she	 felt	 she	 had	 all	 her	 ducks	 in	 a	 row,	 she	 thanked	 the minister	and	hung	up	the	phone.	Then,	she	got	up	from	her	desk	and	walked	out	of

her	office.	She	was	heading	to	the	detention	building	to	finally	see	the	prisoners.

She	interviewed	the	SAS	men	one	by	one,	finally	coming	to	Darren	at	6	p.m.

As	Darren	was	brought	into	the	interrogation	room,	he	was	surprised	to	see	such

a	beautiful	woman	staring	back	at	him.	He	kept	his	composure,	though,	and	took	a

seat.

Anna	 asked	 him,	 “What	 were	 you	 doing	 so	 close	 to	 the	 base,	 Corporal

Mathews?”

“You’re	wasting	your	breath,”	said	Darren.	“I’m	not	going	to	answer	any	of	your

questions,	mate.”

“I’m	 going	 to	 make	 this	 short,	 Mathews.	 Neither	 of	 us	 wants	 to	 pussyfoot

around	with	each	other,”	said	Anna.	“You	can	agree	to	answer	my	questions,	or	I

can	send	you	back	to	that	cold	prison	block.	You	getting	me?”

“Fuck	you,”	said	Darren.

Anna	stood	up.	“We’ll	try	this	again	in	a	few	weeks,	Corporal.”

Darren	 was	 sent	 back	 to	 his	 cell,	 where	 he	 was	 subjected	 to	 a	 cycle	 of	 cold	 air streamed	directly	through	a	vent	in	the	ceiling	and	sleep	deprivation.	Lights	would

go	off,	then	they	would	go	on	half	an	hour	later,	and	the	loop	would	continue	for

hours	at	a	time.	It	was	emotionally	draining.	The	SAS	men	weren’t	surprised—this

was	standard	operating	procedure.	They	had	been	trained	for	this	and	it	would	have

very	 little	 effect	 on	 them,	 but	 Anna	 already	 knew	 this.	 She	 needed	 time	 to	 think things	through.

When	that	didn’t	make	them	break,	restrictions	were	placed	on	the	types	of	food

and	water	given	to	them.	Darren	was	offered	a	blanket	but	was	given	only	a	sheet,

which	was	inefficient	in	keeping	him	warm	against	the	blasting	cold	air.	When	that

didn’t	 break	 them,	 the	 guards	 started	 to	 broadcast	 heavy	 metal	 music	 at	 ear-shattering	 levels	 in	 a	 continuous	 loop.	 That	 prevented	 them	 from	 falling	 asleep.

During	the	day	they	couldn’t	sleep	on	their	beds,	and	they	would	be	given	smaller

portions	of	food.

Darren	tried	to	figure	out	a	way	out	of	this	situation	in	his	head,	but	it	was	hard

to	make	any	sort	of	plan	when	his	body	was	running	on	empty.	His	higher	self	kept

telling	 him	 it	 was	 all	 a	 game.	 Eventually,	 somebody	 would	 come	 to	 collect	 them, but	he	wasn’t	looking	forward	to	that	because	their	asses	would	be	served	on	a	plate

to	 someone	 high	 up	 in	 the	 ADF.	 There	 would	 be	 serious	 consequences	 for	 what they’d	done.	But	he	was	glad	he’d	done	it.	Now	he	knew	that	the	Americans	were

lying	to	the	Australian	government	about	what	was	taking	place	here,	and	given	the

circumstances,	he	was	beginning	to	believe	it	was	something	far	more	sinister.	That

idea	presented	as	something	that	would	be	very	hard	for	the	public	to	accept—that

the	senior	government	officials	did	know	something	and	were	going	along	with	it

but	keeping	their	citizens	in	the	dark.	And	who’d	do	that?

That	 very	 idea	 kept	 him	 up	 at	 night	 wondering	 who	 was	 behind	 his

incarceration.	 Darren	 had	come	to	 realize	that	 there	 could	 be	 secret	 societies	 with allegiances	to	other	countries.	His	first	guesses	about	who	might	be	in	control	of	the power	structure	in	Australia	could	be	debated	for	a	long	time,	but	if	they	were	true,

it	could	be	Freemasons.	It	could	be	the	Jesuits	and	the	Knights	of	Malta.	It	could	be

the	CIA	or	it	could	be	the	Zionists	and	their	red	mafia	that	had	come	out	of	Russia

and	 now	 lived	 in	 Israel.	 Or	 perhaps	 it	 was	 the	 Sandhedron	 Council	 who	 were always	 supported	 by	 the	 Mossad	 since	 America	 was	 involved	 here.	 There	 were	 a number	of	forces	that	would	love	to	rule	over	the	world	if	the	Order	of	the	Black

Sun	 didn’t	 reach	 that	 goal	 first.	 He	 pondered	 in	 thought	 while	 he	 scratched	 his bristly	chin.	This	would	keep	his	mind	going	while	he	was	alone	in	his	cell	for	some

time	to	come.

Darren	 made	 it	 two	 weeks	 in	 solitary	 cut	 off	 from	 his	 friends	 before	 he	 finally agreed	to	speak	with	Anna	again.

She	was	pleased	to	see	him	when	he	was	escorted	into	the	interrogation	room	by

the	 black-uniformed	 guards	 with	 triangle	 insignias	 on	 their	 patches.	 “Hello,

Corporal	Mathews.	Please	take	a	seat.	Would	you	like	a	cup	of	coffee?”

Darren	nodded	 his	head,	his	voice	rough,	when	 he	 asked,	“What	 do	you	want

from	me?”

“It’s	simple—your	services	in	our	organization”	answered	Anna.

“Mate,	 I	 don’t	 know	 what	 game	 you’re	 playing,	 but	 you	 can’t	 hold	 us

underground	forever.	We	were	on	leave.	Now	we’re	AWOL.	We	were	getting	ready

to	be	sent	off	to	Iraq	to	help	your	fucking	country!”

“I’m	 not	 playing	 any	 game,	 Corporal	 Mathews.	 I’ve	 already	 notified	 your

minister	of	national	defence	about	what	you’ve	done	here	and	that	we’ve	taken	you

and	your	band	of	merry	men	into	custody.	We	have	agreements	with	your	federal

government	that	this	base	is	strictly	off-limits	unless	you	are	invited	to	come	here—

and	for	good	reason.	You’ve	caused	us	quite	some	embarrassment,	and	you’ve	seen

some	things	that	you	shouldn’t	have	seen.	How	else	do	you	want	this	to	play	out?	I

mean,	I	could	easily	have	one	of	your	men	taken	to	a	kill	room	to	send	the	rest	of you	 a	 message.	 I	 know	 exactly	 what	 sort	 of	 a	 man	 you	 are,	 which	 is	 why	 I	 don’t think	that	would	work.	It	would	only	anger	you.	I’m	trying	to	find	a	way	out	of	this

where	nobody	dies.	So,	what	I’m	proposing	is	that	you	come	work	for	us.”

“For	the	CIA?”	Darren	retorted.

“That’s	right,”	said	Anna.

Darren	asked,	“All	of	us?”

“No,”	said	Anna.	“The	rest	of	your	unit	would	be	released.	They	could	continue

serving	in	the	SAS.	if	they	wanted	to,	but	the	minister	of	defence	might	also	give

them	 a	 dishonourable	 discharge.	 I	 could	 easily	 sway	 his	 decision	 one	 way	 or	 the other.”

“How?”	Darren	asked.

“I’d	tell	them	you	helped	us.	Make	up	a	story,	and	I’ll	put	my	stamp	on	it,”	she

replied.

Darren	wasn’t	stupid.	“Are	you	giving	the	same	spiel	to	all	of	my	mates?”

Anna	 told	 him,	 “I’m	 not	 interested	 in	 playing	 games	 with	 you	 Corporal

Mathews.	I’m	looking	for	 results.	Are	you	interested	or	not?	I	can	assure	you	that	I’ll make	things	right	for	your	friends,	and	they	can	continue	on	to	the	Persian	Gulf—

that	is	if	you	take	what	I’m	offering	.	.	.	the	alternative	is	not	so	rosy.	I	can	promise you	that.”

“What	would	I	be	doing	for	the	CIA?”

Agent	Carpenter	looked	directly	into	his	eyes	and	said	nothing.	“Initially	you’ll

be	helping	us	with	crash	retrievals.”

Darren	didn’t	see	that	he	had	a	choice.	She	had	him	by	the	balls.	Her	way	.	.	.	or

a	hole	in	the	ground—never	again	to	see	the	light	of	day.

He	agreed.

March	31,	1991

The	Orange	Corporation

Mark	 Woods	 and	 the	 other	 members	 of	 the	 SAS	 unit	 that	 were	 Darren’s former	posse	were	released	by	the	end	of	week	three	after	their	initial	base-crashing

idea	 went	 awry.	 Darren	 was	 sent	 to	 work	 for	 the	 CIA	 as	 a	 military	 asset	 shortly afterwards	and	was	assigned	to	a	CIA-owned	Navy	frigate	in	the	Persian	Gulf.	What

he	hadn’t	expected	was	that	he	would	be	helping	them	recover	ET	craft	from	the

bottom	of	the	ocean	at	a	depth	of	eight	hundred	meters.	His	experience	as	a	combat

diver	 was	 helpful,	 but	 he	 played	 the	 observer	 while	 they	 used	 remote-controlled submersibles	 that	 the	 US	 Navy	 had	 secretly	 been	 developing,	 paired	 with	 trained dolphins	with	orbital	cameras	mounted	on	harnesses	that	were	responsible	for	initial

reconnaissance.

The	first	object	that	was	recovered	turned	out	to	be	a	cylinder-shaped	craft	that

was	about	twenty	meters	long.	After	it	was	on	board	the	ship,	Darren	was	allowed

to	walk	up	to	take	a	good	look	at	the	glyphs	on	the	craft.	He	even	touched	it	and

gave	it	a	knock,	as	if	someone	inside	might	knock	back. Amazing,	he	thought.	Once it	was	secured	to	the	main	deck,	the	ship	moved	off	and	headed	to	a	base	in	Saudi

Arabia.

The	seas	were	unfavourable,	and	the	winds	were	incessant.	The	frigate	arrived	at

the	 base	 at	 3	 a.m.,	 and	 the	 crew	 began	 to	 organize	 the	 trucks	 that	 would	 need	 to take	the	craft	away	after	the	cranes	had	lowered	it	onto	a	trailer	capable	of	hauling

wide	loads.	It	could	support	the	weight	of	a	craft	like	this,	and	once	it	was	strapped down,	 Darren	 and	 the	 driver	 took	 it	 to	 a	 CIA	 hangar	 that	 was	 dedicated	 to	 their use.	 Once	 Darren	 had	 seen	 it	 delivered	 safely,	 he	 went	 back	 to	 the	 CIA	 ship	 and again	went	back	out	to	sea.	This	time,	they	sailed	around	the	coastline	of	Yemen;	it

took	several	days	to	get	there.

When	the	ship	finally	did	reach	the	waters	of	Yemen,	they	had	to	proceed	with

extra-sensory	 awareness	 to	 not	 be	 attacked,	 being	 not	 a	 pro-American	 country,	 at all.	 In	 protection	 of	 the	 passage,	 the	 captain	 activated	 a	 secret	 stealth	 technology that	 made	 them	 invisible	 to	 radar,	 which	 was	 something	 Darren	 was	 surprised	 to learn	was	passé,	being	that	the	Americans	had	this	technology	on	all	their	ships.

It	was	on	this	mission	that	Darren	learned	about	portals.	It	blew	his	mind,	and

he	 had	 a	 tough	 time	 accepting	 that	 there	 were	 natural	 portals	 on	 the	 earth	 where others	could	enter	his	world	from	some	other	part	of	the	galaxy.	He	played	the	grey

ghost	and	watched	as	people	monitored	the	various	machines	that	they	had	on	the

bridge.

As	he	listened	to	people	talking,	he	got	the	gist	of	what	was	going	on.	Something

was	 being	 tracked.	 Suddenly,	 one	 of	 the	 officers	 on	 board	 the	 vessel	 called	 to	 the bridge	that	he	had	an	inbound	target	fifty-one	miles	up	in	the	ionosphere	and	1.5

miles	 away	 from	 the	 ship.	 That	 was	 also	 when	 Darren	 met	 General	 Chen	 for	 the first	 time.	 He	 was	 a	 guest	 on	 board	 the	 vessel	 and	 was	 important	 to	 the	 mission because	of	the	new	weapons	he	brought,	which	had	been	installed	on	the	main	deck

in	 hopes	 of	 being	 tested	 on	 this	 very	 mission	 and	 potentially	 on	 the	 target	 being tracked	on	the	radar.

All	hands	on	the	deck	were	told	to	cover	the	windows,	and	then	Chen’s	weapon

was	 activated.	 It	 wasn’t	 firing	 a	 missile.	 Instead,	 Darren	 believed	 it	 was	 sending some	kind	of	a	radar	signal	that	would	stop	a	UFO	in	its	flight	and	cause	it	to	crash

into	the	sea.

The	 officer	 monitoring	 the	 equipment	 had	 said	 that	 the	 craft	 had	 appeared	 in our	 space,	 and	 time	 and	 had	 been	 successfully	 shot	 down,	 resulting	 in	 an	 urgent need	to	recover	the	craft.	General	Chen	introduced	himself	to	Darren	and	told	him

that	 he	 would	 soon	 be	 assigned	 to	 come	 and	 work	 for	 “the	 company”	 that	 the General	 was	 running.	 This	 was	 the	 first	 he’d	 heard	 of	 a	 shuffle	 of	 duty	 and reporting,	so	he	shelved	it	and	hoped	he’d	get	to	talk	to	his	handler	about	it	when

he	had	the	opportunity	to	see	her	next.

When	 Darren	 was	 allowed	 to	 go	 to	 the	 topside	 a	 few	 hours	 later,	 he	 saw	 a diamond-shaped	craft	that	was	approximately	ten	meters	in	diameter	sitting	on	the

deck.	 He	 was	 told	 that	 he	 would	 be	 taking	 the	 craft	 to	 the	 same	 base	 in	 Saudi Arabia	 but	 he	 would	 be	 flying	 it	 back	 to	 the	 US,	 where	 the	 Orange	 Corporation would	take	possession	to	unravel	the	mysteries	of	its	operation.

After	Darren	had	been	cleared	to	watch	the	monitors	that	were	on	the	bridge	to

witness	 an	 amazing	 recovery	 of	 a	 second	 craft	 from	 under	 the	 ocean,	 so	 many

questions	came	to	mind,	but	he	refrained	from	speaking	up.	Instead,	he	noted	them in	 his	 head	 for	 later	 penning	 so	 that	 he	 didn’t	 pester	 people	 for	 answers.	 He	 was patient,	knowing	that	when	he	got	back	to	the	United	States	with	the	second	craft,

he	 would	 then	 get	 to	 see	 Agent	 Carpenter	 again	 for	 a	 debriefing.	 He	 could	 wait until	then	for	the	answers	he	sought.

The	 type	 of	 aircraft	 that	 could	 carry	 the	 smaller	 types	 of	 UFOs	 still	 had	 to	 be big.	 When	 he	 saw	 what	 had	 touched	 down	 in	 Saudi	 Arabia,	 though,	 he	 could

hardly	 believe	 it.	 He	 knew	 this	 plane	 wasn’t	 a	 general	 issue,	 which	 made	 him surmise	that	the	CIA	had	lots	of	money	and	had	spent	some	of	it	on	aircraft	that

were	 massive	 enough	 to	 haul	 spaceships	 back	 to	 the	 States.	 This	 thing	 was	 so advanced-looking	 that	 it,	 too,	 seemed	 like	 it	 was	 an	 ET	 ship,	 but	 he	 knew	 it	 was manmade	because	it	was	painted.	He	got	on	the	strange	aircraft	after	the	diamond-shaped	 UFO	 was	 guided	 on	 board	 by	 a	 special	 flatbed	 designed	 especially	 for carrying	extra-heavy	objects.	The	giant	plane	had	no	problems	taking	the	craft	on

board,	and	when	it	was	secured,	they	closed	the	ramp.	Then,	the	plane	got	ready	for

takeoff,	and	they	all	buckled	in.

The	 plane	 taxied	 down	 the	 runway,	 and	 Darren	 and	 several	 members	 of	 a

security	team	escorted	it	all	the	way	back	to	Wright	Patterson	Air	Force	Base	in	the

USA.	The	 part	of	the	flight	 that	made	him	 the	 most	 nervous	was	the	treacherous

night	 fuelings.	 Due	 to	 the	 in-flight	 ability,	 the	 plane	 never	 touched	 down	 on	 any foreign	 soil.	 It	 just	 kept	 flying	 until	 it	 reached	 America’s	 coastline,	 and	 that	 had meant	many	strategic	link-ups	with	planes	carrying	payloads	of	fuel	meant	for	this

enormous	aircraft.	One	wrong	move	by	the	pilot,	and	they’d	become	an	inferno.

General	Chen	had	been	correct;	Darren	soon	learned	that	he	would	be	sent	off

to	work	in	a	company	that	was	funded	by	the	CIA	called	the	Orange	Corporation.

When	his	attractive	handler	met	him	on	the	base,	he	was	told	what	he	was	in	for.

“Your	 job	 is	 to	 secure	 locations	 and	 retrieve	 advanced	 technology	 that	 might	 be discovered	someplace	on	earth	or	shot	down	from	the	sky.	You	will	work	with	me

on	every	assignment	and	also	ensure	that	what	gets	shipped	off	gets	delivered	to	the

right	 people—got	 it?”	 Agent	 Carpenter	 said,	 looking	 out	 of	 place	 in	 the

underground	parking	lot.

“Who	can	I	trust	in	this	game?”	he	asked.

Anna	looked	at	him	and	didn’t	respond.	He	had	to	realize	the	truth	for	himself.

She	 was	 about	 to	 say	 as	 much	 when	 he	 shook	 his	 head	 and	 spoke.	 “I	 can’t	 trust anybody	can	I?	That’s	one	of	the	shitty	things	about	working	for	spooks.	I	bet	 you don’t	know	whom	we	can	trust?	You’d	better	think	about	that	before	you	ask	me	to

play	nice	with	some	outfit	I’ve	only	just	heard	of,	mate.	If	it’s	just	me,	and	you’re

watching	 our	 backs,	 that	 says	 a	 lot	 about	 the	 organizations	 we’ve	 chosen	 to	 work for.”

Darren	watched	her	unlock	her	car	to	get	inside	it.

As	they	sat	down,	he	used	a	phone	app	to	check	for	electromagnetic	frequencies

being	emitted	from	the	car.	When	the	car	was	cleared,	he	spoke	again.	“It’s	okay.

No	bugs.	So,	I	have	a	question	for	you	outside	of	all	this.”

Anna	looked	over	at	him	as	she	got	her	keys	out	and	put	them	into	the	ignition.

“Okay.	Ask	your	question,”	she	replied	as	Darren	put	on	his	seat	belt.

“Have	you	kept	tabs	on	the	men	you	caught	me	with?	Did	they	continue	on	and

get	deployed?”

Anna	looked	over	at	him	and	nodded	her	head.	“Trust	is	important.	I	know	that

they	meant	something	to	you,	so	I	made	sure	they	went	back	to	their	regiment	and

continued	on	with	no	blemishes	on	their	record.	In	fact,	we	gave	them	a	glowing

citation	for	assisting	US	Forces	in	Iraq.	As	far	as	I	know,	they’re	still	on	active	duty.

I	could	get	letters	to	them	if	you	wanted	me	to	send	them	something.	Haven’t	you

kept	in	touch	with	any	of	them?”

Darren	 shook	 his	 head	 as	 Anna	 drove	 her	 car	 out	 and	 slowly	 drove	 out	 of	 the building.	 “No,	 I	 didn’t	 want	 to	 cause	 them	 any	 grief.	 I	 just	 wanted	 to	 know	 that they	were	okay.”

Anna	turned	left	onto	the	main	street	and	drove	down	the	block.	When	they	got

to	 a	 stop	 light,	 she	 looked	 at	 the	 people	 that	 were	 crossing	 the	 street	 in	 front	 of them.

“I’ve	got	to	prove	my	loyalty	to	you.	I	know	that.	That’s	why	I	haven’t	bothered

them	any	further,”	she	said	as	she	revved	the	car	and	prepared	to	proceed	forward on	the	green	light.

Darren	was	pleased	to	hear	her	say	that.	He	felt	a	massive	obligation	to	see	his

mates	 done	 right	 since	 nearly	 causing	 them	 to	 be	 discharged	 from	 the	 Australian Defense	Force	owing	to	his	own	curiosity	about	what	the	United	States	had	been

up	to	at	the	Pine	Gap	base.	The	two	drove	on	and	looked	for	a	place	where	they

could	have	a	decent	dinner	to	discuss	things	further	as	darkness	began	to	fall	over

them.

Anna	and	Darren	walked	to	a	park	after	their	meal.	She	hadn’t	wanted	to	discuss

the	nitty-gritties	inside	the	restaurant	and	suggested	a	walk	afterwards.	She	held	his arm	 and	 enjoyed	 pretending	 that	 she	 was	 his	 girlfriend	 as	 a	 jogger	 ran	 by	 them.

Darren	 accommodated	 her	 soft	 clasping	 of	 his	 arm	 as	 if	 she	 were	 accustomed	 to such	latitude	with	his	body. How	strange	a	feeling,	he	thought	to	himself.

“What	 are	 you	 guys	 doing	 with	 this	 information	 after	 you	 back-engineer	 their technology?	Are	they	all	from	the	same	beings?”

Anna	shook	her	head	as	they	walked	in	front	of	a	setting	sun.	“Some	are	from

other	 worlds.	 Some	 are	 from	 other	 dimensions.	 You’ve	 already	 learned	 that	 first-hand	since	you	were	on	that	mission	off	the	coast	of	Yemen.”

Darren	thought	about	the	portals.	That	was	life-changing	information.	“Will	we

get	to	go	to	other	planets	in	our	solar	system	because	of	what	we	learn	from	all	this

retrieval	and	back-engineering?”	Darren	asked.

Anna	smiled	and	remained	silent	for	several	moments	before	she	looked	up	into

his	eyes	and	said,	“What	makes	you	think	they’re	not	already	doing	that,	Darren?”

she	 commented	 as	 they	 stopped	 and	 looked	 at	 a	 river	 off	 in	 the	 distance.	 “We’re constantly	trading	technologies	and	information	with	people,	and	you’re	a	part	of

that	because	your	job	is	to	get	those	technologies	back	to	the	shop	where	they	can

be	chopped	up	and	analyzed.	We	learn	as	we	go.”

The	 next	 day,	 Anna	 took	 him	 into	 a	 federal	 building	 and	 they	 walked	 into	 an elevator.	When	she	put	a	key	into	the	side	of	the	inside	panel	of	the	elevator,	a	light came	on	and	asked	her	to	step	forward	for	an	iris	scan.	Then,	the	elevator	started

going	down,	but	it	kept	on	going	for	an	extraordinarily	long	time,	and	soon,	Darren realized	they	were	going	down	to	an	underground	base.

He	 was	 wrong	 though.	 It	 wasn’t	 a	 base.	 It	 was	 a	 transit	 system.	 There	 was	 an underground	train	system	that	could	take	people	all	over	the	United	States,	and	she

wanted	to	get	him	used	to	riding	it	knowing	there	were	bases	that	he	would	have	to

go	to	that	would	require	that	what	he	found	remain	a	secret.

When	they	got	on	the	train	for	the	first	time,	Darren	was	amazed	by	how	fast

they	 were	 moving.	 “Holy	 cow!”	 he	 said	 as	 the	 thing	 zipped	 by	 at	 a	 crazy	 rate	 of speed.

Soon,	they	were	in	Virginia,	a	state	where	the	CIA	felt	right	at	home.

“Why	are	we	here?”	Darren	asked	since	they	didn’t	have	any	kind	of	technology

with	them.

Agent	Carpenter	smiled	at	him	as	they	walked	up	to	a	security	checkpoint	and

showed	 their	 identification.	 They	 were	 then	 escorted	 to	 an	 underground	 medical unit,	and	Darren	was	to	be	given	a	tattoo	containing	micro-dotted	inks	that	were

only	microns	in	size	linked	to	computers	he	had	no	idea	he	was	linking	into. Is	it	the beast? 	he	wondered.

“Is	this	going	to	be	a	regular	thing?”	he	asked	her.

As	 she	 looked	 at	 the	 designs	 in	 a	 binder	 provided	 for	 such	 occasions	 that required	 inspiration,	 she	 suggested	 he	 go	 with	 something	 that	 was	 Australian-themed.	He	liked	that	idea	and	put	his	favourite	footie	team	emblem	on	one	of	his

shoulders.	 It	 was	 against	 his	 better	 judgment	 to	 get	 tattooed,	 but	 Anna	 told	 him that	he	would	feel	stronger	and	would	also	have	enhanced	telepathic	abilities	so	he

could	sense	from	a	distance	if	there	were	any	living	ETs	in	the	ships	that	were	being

shot	down	and	then	recovered.

“Do	I	have	any	say	in	this?”	he	asked	her.

“You	can	pick	out	the	design,	just	not	the	ink	that’s	being	used,”	she	replied	as

they	sat	down	and	waited	for	him	to	be	put	in	a	chair.

“That	 makes	 me	 trust	 your	 outfit	 so	 much	 more,	 mate.	 I	 feel	 so	 safe	 knowing that,”	he	said	sarcastically	as	he	looked	over	the	options	once	more.	“I	have	no	say

in	 what’s	 injected	 into	 my	 body,	 but	 you’re	 trying	 to	 convince	 me	 that	 nanites would	 help	 me	 at	 the	 molecular	 level	 from	 being	 contaminated	 by	 radiation	 or other	types	of	cell	poisoning?	I	call	bullshit!”

“That’s	what	they	tell	me.	I’ve	had	one	for	quite	some	time.”

Darren	was	surprised	by	her	admission.

“Wow!	Okay.	I	guess	it’s	time	for	me	to	get	a	tattoo	then,”	Darren	acquiesced.

They	waited	for	the	artist	to	finish	his	work	on	another	person	that	was	behind	a

screen.	 Anna	 looked	 at	 Darren	 and	 touched	 his	 arm,	 reassuring	 him.	 “This	 stuff really	works,	Darren.	You’ll	find	your	fitness	and	combat	agility	improve	a	lot	too.

So	 will	 your	 breathing.	 You’ll	 be	 amazed	 by	 how	 long	 you’re	 able	 to	 stay

underwater.”

As	 if	 that	 wasn’t	 enough,	 the	 night’s	 activities	 weren’t	 over	 for	 Darren	 after sitting	 in	 a	 chair	 for	 four	 hours.	 After	 the	 tattoo	 came	 injections.	 He	 watched	 in macho	 consternation	 as	 the	 syringe	 was	 being	 filled	 with	 what	 looked	 like	 a phosphorescent	 substance,	 tinged	 with	 a	 tint	 of	 something	 black	 and	 actively moving	around	inside	the	vial.	She	failed	to	advise	him	of	the	chance	of	his	immune

system	gradually	breaking	down	from	the	injection	and	the	hazards	of	the	magneto

graphene	 particulates	 coursing	 through	 his	 veins	 that	 would	 grant	 him	 his	 future trans-biotic	abilities.

Whatever	was	in	the	last	injection	made	him	woozy,	and	he	lost	track	of	time.

The	last	thing	he	remembered	after	being	walked	to	what	looked	like	a	triage	was

seeing	Anna	pull	up	the	sheets	over	his	legs	after	she	took	his	boots	off	and	tucked

them	under	the	edge	of	the	bed.	He	remembered	drifting	off	to	sleep	as	he	heard

her	tell	him	that	she	would	sleep	on	the	couch	in	the	same	room	to	make	sure	the

side	effects	weren’t	too	difficult	to	handle. What	did	I	just	do? 	Darren	thought	as	he disappeared	into	the	black.

April	15,	1991

Germany

Darren	 Mathews	 continued	 on	 in	 the	 ET	 craft	 retrieval	 business	 after	 his initiation	and	tagging.	He	took	the	technologies	that	he	was	being	told	to	ship	from

point	 A	 to	 point	 B,	 all	 over	 the	 world	 via	 CIA	 support,	 including	 transport	 and storage	of	whatever	was	recovered.

Another	assignment	that	was	given	to	him	following	the	Virginia	tattoo	incident

was	 a	 recovery	 in	 Germany.	 It	 would	 be	 the	 recovery	 of	 an	 artifact	 that	 had belonged	 to	 an	 as	 yet,	 unidentified	 ancient	 civilization.	 It	 had	 been	 discovered underground	 during	 mining	 operations.	 On	 this	 hand-off,	 he	 would	 receive	 the artifact	 from	 another	 agency	 type	 person	 because	 these	 particular	 mining	 tunnels weren’t	accessible	to	Darren.	German	intelligence	units	were	in	control	of	the	site

where	a	multitude	of	artifacts	had	been	recovered	and	they	didn’t	want	anyone	else

knowing	what	else	they’d	found	down	there	and	were	preparing	for	plunder.

Instead,	he	took	a	plane	into	Berlin,	Germany,	and	made	arrangements	to	meet

with	 a	 high-ranking	 official	 in	 a	 small	 tea	 shop	 on	 a	 back	 road,	 away	 from	 the public	eye.	They	proceeded	to	order	a	lovely	setting	of	cucumber	sandwiches	and	a

large	 pot	 of	 Earl	 Grey,	 settling	 into	 banal	 conversation	 that	 would	 have	 been awkward	under	any	other	circumstances	but	was	trite	enough	to	mask	the	fact	that

an	exchange	was	being	carried	out.	A	neatly-wrapped	package	was	passed	to	Darren

under	 the	 table.	 It	 was	 the	 size	 of	 a	 large	 shoe	 box	 and	 three	 times	 as	 heavy	 as	 a normal	pair	of	shoes.	It	was	wrapped	in	thick	brown	paper	and	decorated	in	foreign

stamps	so	as	not	to	look	like	it	was	a	drug	deal.

The	man	asked,	“How’s	your	niece?”

Darren	slid	into	the	cover	chatter	easily.	If	anyone	looked	over,	it	would	seem	to

be	two	old	friends	catching	up	with	each	other.	“She’s	getting	bigger	every	day.”

“A	shame	I	don’t	get	to	see	her	more	often.	These	hours	at	work	are	killing	me.”

“I’d	say	the	travel	distance	has	something	to	do	with	it	too,”	said	Darren	lightly.

They	 spent	 a	 few	 minutes	 sitting	 there,	 talking	 about	 people	 who	 didn’t	 actually exist.

Then,	 the	 man’s	 phone	 rang.	 He	 held	 up	 one	 hand	 and	 answered	 the	 phone

with	his	other.	He	said,	“Not	a	problem,	I’ll	be	right	in.”	Then,	he	stood	up	and

told	Darren,	“I’ve	got	to	go	to	work.	They’re	calling	me	in	early.”

“No	 problem,	 mate.	 We’ll	 see	 each	 other	 soon,	 I’m	 sure,”	 Darren	 said	 as	 he waved	the	man	a	friendly	goodbye.	He	sat	around	for	a	bit	longer,	staring	out	the

window	as	he	enjoyed	people	watching	for	five	minutes.	After	he	finished	his	tea,	he

placed	 the	 package	 into	 a	 paper	 shopping	 bag,	 paid	 the	 bill,	 and	 left	 with	 his assignment	in	hand.

June	18,	1991

Bolivia

After	 dealing	 with	 artifacts	 in	 Europe,	 Darren	 was	 sent	 down	 to	 South

America.	His	flight	took	him	back	over	the	Pacific	Ocean,	then	down	past	Canada,

along	 the	 United	 States’	 coastline,	 and	 then	 over	 Mexico.	 There	 were	 so	 many different	kinds	of	landscapes	over	this	vast	distance.	It	amazed	him	when	he	looked

out	through	the	window	of	the	plane	he	was	on.	When	they	were	above	Mexico,	the

flight	path	crossed	mountain	ranges	that	were	enormously	high	in	elevation,	jagged,

and	staggering	in	steepness.	The	view	was	breathtaking.

When	his	plane	finally	touched	down	in	Bolivia,	his	security	team	drove	Darren

into	the	heart	of	the	 Andes.	After	hopping	into	a	 beat-up	jungle	 jeep,	they	 found

their	way	out	of	town	to	a	small	house	in	the	middle	of	nowhere.	Darren	and	the

crew	 he	 was	 with	 would	 be	 spending	 a	 week	 there	 to	 acclimate	 to	 the	 higher altitudes.

The	first	night’s	sleep	was	good.	It	felt	nice	to	be	sleeping	in	a	freshly	made	bed

away	from	all	the	noise	that	pounds	at	the	head	in	a	big	city.	After	a	fantastic	sleep in	 his	 hotel,	 Darren	 set	 off	 early	 to	 enjoy	 two	 days	 and	 nights	 out	 on	 his	 own hiking.	 The	 journey	 uphill	 took	 him	 along	 a	 dirt	 road	 that	 climbed	 up	 into	 the mountains	for	miles.	He	didn’t	see	a	lot	of	vehicles,	nor	did	he	see	any	hikers.	It	was just	 him	 and	 the	 great	 blue	 sky	 above	 all	 these	 tall	 mountains.	 The	 hike	 was breathtaking	but	it	was	getting	harder	to	breathe	he	discovered	as	he	climbed	up	to

his	 final	 destination,	 Lake	 Titicaca.	 When	 he	 finally	 reached	 the	 pinnacle,	 he	 felt something	in	his	heart	become	a	little	stronger,	and	his	pulse	smoothed	quickly.

After	the	week’s	stay	in	Bolivia,	he	needed	to	move	the	team	into	Peru	where	he

would	take	a	night	in	Cuzco,	and	then	meet	his	contact	at	Saqsaywaman	a	day	after

that.	That	place	was	going	to	be	interesting.	Anna	had	told	him	she	wanted	him	to

take	pictures,	infrared	and	digital.	Apparently,	there	were	rock	walls	there	that	were massive,	and	the	stones	that	were	placed	up	to	make	the	walls	equally	so.	The	seams

weren’t	straight	and	were	shaped	in	very	strange	geometric	angles.	She	said	in	the

briefing	before	he	left,	that	no	modern	technology	had	ever	been	able	to	successfully

replicate	 such	 advanced	 building	 methods,	 which	 really	 piqued	 his	 interest.	 Anna also	 claimed	 that	 whatever	 race	 of	 beings	 made	 them	 had	 used	 molten	 heat	 and levitation	technologies	to	put	them	all	in	place—at	least	in	theory.

As	 he	 camped	 out	 at	 the	 lake,	 he	 watched	 the	 stars	 from	 the	 entrance	 of	 his three-season	tent.	Their	brilliance	was	as	impressive	there	as	they	were	in	the	desert in	 Australia.	 He	 stopped	 thinking	 about	 Peru	 and	 opened	 up	 a	 can	 of	 local	 beer, swilling	it	down	so	he	didn’t	have	to	fully	taste	it.	He	didn’t	need	more	than	one,

though,	because	something	in	the	air	was	causing	him	to	feel	quite	euphoric.

He’d	 read	 that	 this	 area	 had	 been	 the	 home	 of	 an	 ancient	 race	 of	 extra-

terrestrials,	 but	 they	 had	 been	 punished	 by	 God	 for	 mixing	 with	 humans.	 They’d broken	a	fundamental	universal	law	of	not	getting	involved	with	a	race	that	was	less

advanced	 than	 your	 own—or	 so	 the	 legend	 went.	 Apparently,	 this	 behaviour	 got these	beings	into	trouble	with	some	kind	of	Galactic	Federation.	That’s	what	Anna

had	told	him.	She	was	a	walking	encyclopedia,	that	woman.

In	the	morning	when	the	darkness	began	to	fade	away,	Darren	started	to	see	the

outline	of	an	island,	which	was	said	to	be	one	of	the	most	sacred	places	for	priests	to venture	out	to	in	order	to	receive	some	form	of	advanced	development	in	their	ways

of	 thinking.	 His	 mind	 raced,	 imagining	 what	 might	 have	 taken	 place	 over	 on	 the island—something	to	explain	why	this	land	was	sacred.

After	a	good	breakfast,	Darren	set	out	 to	find	Salar	de	Uyuni	hoping	it	 would

lead	him	to	find	his	destination,	a	church	cut	out	of	salt	blocks.

He	had	planned	to	meet	Phil	Regen,	who	was	one	of	his	security	team	members, later	that	morning.	Phil	was	also	out	in	the	general	area,	doing	some	car	camping,

and	 Darren’s	 rendezvous	 time	 with	 him	 was	 for	 9	 a.m.,	 so	 he	 had	 to	 get	 himself ready	for	the	last	leg	of	his	solo	walking	expedition.	He	felt	great.	The	energy	was	an extremely	high	vibe. You	can	feel	it	coming	out	of	the	earth	and	going	into	your	body, he	thought.

As	 Darren	 packed	 up	 his	 tent,	 he	 looked	 at	 the	 lake	 and	 thought	 about	 the sunken	city	that	was	buried	in	the	shallows	long	ago.	In	the	year	2000,	divers	had

found	 an	 ancient	 temple	 there.	 It	 was	 over	 two	 hundred	 meters	 long	 and	 fifty meters	wide.	Other	teams	had	already	recovered	some	of	the	artifacts	from	that	area,

which	 was	 why	 he	 knew	 so	 much	 about	 it	 already.	 It	 was	 the	 home	 of	 the

Lemurians,	 and	 their	 country	 was	 known	 as	 OG,	 which	 in	 modern	 times	 is

recognized	as	Bolivia	and	Peru.

Darren	 got	his	 pack	on	and	started	hiking	again.	He	checked	his	 compass	and

map.	The	trajectory	looked	right	to	him	as	he	checked	his	watch,	to	set	the	time.

There	were	a	few	clouds	in	the	sky	but	not	many,	and	the	wind	was	gently	blowing

up	from	the	south	as	he	gazed	at	the	lake	one	last	time,	drinking	in	its	view.

By	 8:40	 a.m.,	 he	 had	 reached	 the	 rendezvous	 point	 where	 he	 would	 be	 picked up.	The	truck	was	there	waiting	for	him,	and	he	was	happy	to	throw	his	gear	in	the

back.	He	settled	into	the	passenger	seat	and	made	himself	comfortable	as	Phil	and

the	team	did	a	final	check	on	their	gear	to	prepare	for	a	twelve-hour	drive	over	some

very	dodgy	dirt	roads.

When	 their	 truck	 finally	 got	 to	 the	 church,	 Darren	 couldn’t	 help	 but	 feel	 the energy,	somehow	connecting	to	his	own	field.	Phil,	who’d	also	done	some	reading

on	 the	 place,	 noted	 the	 field	 of	 energetics	 was	 very	 distinct.	 Legends	 claimed	 that you	could	realign	your	chakras	and	your	auric	fields	by	staying	there,	so	Darren	was

keen	to	enjoy	the	night	to	see	if	anything	happened	to	him.	There	was	a	deserted

building	 next	 to	 the	 church,	 but	 giving	 it	 a	 look,	 he	 saw	 that	 it	 was	 not	 fit	 for hunkering	down.	Darren	was	happy	to	sleep	in	his	tent,	and	Phil	was	happy	to	sleep

in	his	truck.	As	Darren	drifted	off,	he	felt	a	sense	of	relief	knowing	that	he	had	been

smart	enough	to	bring	two	jerry	cans	of	fuel	because	it	would	just	be	enough	to	get them	back	to	a	town	that	had	a	refuelling	station.

When	he	returned	to	the	small	cottage	a	few	days	later,	he	saw	the	security	team

enjoying	their	time	lounging	around.	They	too	had	been	able	to	relax	for	a	bit	and

were	in	good	condition.	Nobody	was	sick—yet—which	was	a	good	sign.

After	a	good	afternoon	meal	of	fresh	fruit,	saltenas—savoury	pastries	filled	with

minced	meat—potatoes,	carrots,	and	peas,	all	dipped	in	a	spicy	gravy	and	washed

down	 with	 a	 couple	 of	 beers,	 Darren	 gathered	 the	 men	 and	 showed	 them	 where they	would	be	going	next.

The	next	operation	would	also	be	a	recovery	mission.	He	described	the	location

where	the	discovery	had	been	made,	explaining	that	they	would	be	leaving	Bolivia

and	heading	up	into	Peru	after	they	finished	acclimating.	Most	of	the	men	hadn’t

been	acclimatized	 at	higher	 elevations	 like	the	ones	 that	 they	 were	 about	 to	meet.

The	past	week	of	rest,	hiking,	and	enjoying	the	climate	and	landscape	had	been	a

smart	move	by	his	handler.	“You’re	going	to	see	some	interesting	things	if	what	I’ve

been	told,	is	true,”	Darren	finished	off	saying	to	the	team.

Darren’s	 remaining	 week	 of	 rest	 was	 also	 to	 get	 used,	 to	 be	 accustomed	 to driving	 on	 these	 mountainous	 roads	 in	 a	 convoy.	 But	 now	 came	 the	 logistics	 of getting	to	their	actual	objective.	As	he	looked	at	his	map,	which	was	unfolded	on

the	hood	of	the	truck,	he	tried	to	estimate	how	far	they	would	have	to	drive	to	get

into	the	country	that	was	North	of	where	they	were	now.	Mathews	made	the	wise

move	following	his	journey	out	to	the	salt	block	church	to	obtain	additional	jerry

cans	of	fuel	to	take	with	them	before	they	drove	to	the	border—a	lesson	that	had

been	well-engrained	in	spook	school.

As	they	drove	around	each	day	on	the	narrow	mountain	roads,	they	were	pretty

nervous	about	the	soft	edges	and	the	potential	of	going	over	the	side.	There	were	no

barriers—not	 even	 boulders	 to	 hold	 the	 road.	 If	 you	 weren’t	 paying	 attention	 to oncoming	 burros	 occupying	 the	 middle	 of	 the	 road,	 you’d	 be	 doomed,	 as	 one

wrong	turn	assured	that	you	would	never	be	seen	again.

After	they	crossed	the	border,	they	stopped	in	the	town	of	Cuzco	for	the	night.

Darren	got	his	first	opportunity	to	stare	at	the	rock	walls	that	had	been	made	by civilizations	who	left	their	mark	there	before	the	Inca	had	moved	into	the	area.	The

group	 of	 men	 broke	 off	 into	 groups	 and	 became	 tourists	 as	 they	 checked	 out	 the marvels	that	Cuzco	had	to	offer.

After	a	meal	of	fresh	sea	bass	ceviche,	causa	rellena,	and	some	Inca	Colas,	they

went	their	separate	ways	for	a	few	hours.	Darren	located	a	rock	wall	in	the	centre	of

the	 town,	 and	 it	 stopped	 him	 in	 his	 tracks.	 What	 really	 puzzled	 him	 was	 how whoever	 (or	 whatever)	 had	 placed	 these	 stones	 into	 position	 so	 accurately.	 There were	no	chips	in	the	stone	nor	were	there	any	spaces	along	the	stones’	edges.	You

couldn’t	fit	a	piece	of	paper	between	them	and	these	were	credited	to	the	Inca?	It

was	seeming	more	likely	the	stones	were	assembled	by	an	ancient	civilization	during

an	era	long	ago	and	the	Inca	had	moved	into	the	area	after	they	had	vanished.

The	next	day,	the	team	was	together	again	as	they	set	out	to	find	their	contact.

The	 site	 that	 his	 handler	 had	 asked	 for	 him	 to	 manage	 changed	 the	 way	 Darren perceived	humanity’s	secret	past.	The	stones	that	they	were	looking	at	were	massive

blocks	that	weighed	many	tons	each.	Yet	they	were	placed	on	top	of	each	other	in

such	a	manner	it	would	be	an	impossibility	that	cranes	and	pulleys	had	lifted	them

into	position.	There	was	no	way.	Phil	and	the	others	talked	among	themselves	while

Darren	walked	over	to	the	rocks	where	he	was	supposed	to	meet	his	contact.

At	1	o’clock,	a	teenage	boy	asked	him	if	he	could	take	his	picture	in	front	of	the

rock	wall	that	was	behind	him.	Darren	was	happy	to	have	the	young	man	take	his

photo.	 When	 the	 boy	 handed	 the	 camera	 back	 to	 him,	 the	 boy	 uttered	 their

password,	 confirming	 that	 he	 was	 the	 one	 he’d	 been	 waiting	 on.	 Together	 they walked	 back	 with	 the	 young	 man	 to	 their	 trucks	 and	 exited	 the	 area.	 The	 teen guided	the	quiet,	pensive	crew	to	another	town	that	was	several	hours	away.	When

they	arrived	at	their	destination,	off	in	a	little	clearing	was	a	helicopter	waiting	for them.

Up	 in	 the	 air,	 Darren,	 Phil,	 and	 the	 crew	 enjoyed	 a	 one-hour	 flight	 over	 the mountains.	They	flew	over	the	desert	region	between	Naszca	and	Palpa	on	what	was

called	the	Pampas	de	Jumana,	which	lay	approximately	four	hundred	miles	south	of

Lima.	Phil	nudged	Darren	as	he	pointed	to	massive	shapes	seemingly	cast	into	the sides	of	the	mountains	and	lines	stretching	across	the	plains.	These	were	known	as

the	Naszca	lines.	You	couldn’t	see	these	giant	drawings	in	the	sand	at	ground	level

but	at	about	500–1500	feet	above	the	ground	you	could	see	all	sorts	of	engravings

deeply	etched	into	the	surface.

Darren	saw	a	spider	carved	into	the	floor	of	the	desert	that	looked	to	be	at	least

five	hundred	meters	in	circumference.	It	wasn’t	just	animals	or	insects.	There	were

numerous	shapes	spanning	the	landscape	that	only	high-flyers	would	see.

“Could	these	be	markers	to	bring	a	craft	down	to	the	Earth	safely?”	Phil	asked

over	the	intercom	in	English.

Darren	nodded	his	head.	“They’re	markers.	They	have	to	be!”

“Look	 over	 there,”	 Darren	 replied.	 “The	 top	 of	 the	 mountains	 have	 been	 cut right	off	so	that	a	landing	strip	could	be	made.	Now,	who	or	what	did	that?”

Eventually,	they	landed	in	a	remote	spot	on	the	edge	of	the	jungle.	There	was	a

truck	waiting	for	them	when	they	landed.	The	pilot	expressed	his	concern	about	the

remoteness	because	his	tank	was	half	empty.	They	only	had	enough	fuel	to	get	back

to	the	local	airport.

The	 co-pilot	 left	 the	 plane	 and	 escorted	 Phil	 and	 Darren	 over	 to	 a	 driver	 who then	drove	them	from	the	landing	spot	to	an	even	more	remote	place,	deeper	into

the	jungle.

The	truck	stopped	at	the	base	of	a	mountain	and	the	driver	took	them	to	a	hole

in	 the	 ground	 that	 was	 a	 meter	 by	 a	 meter	 in	 size.	 There	 was	 a	 tarp	 over	 it	 with some	stones	on	each	corner.	When	he	lifted	the	stones	and	removed	the	tarp,	there

appeared	a	ladder	down	a	shaft.	It	was	twenty	feet	to	the	bottom.	Then,	the	vertical

shaft	joined	what	looked	like	a	horizontal	tunnel.	Phil	spoke	Spanish	and	was	told

that	there	were	a	number	of	items	for	them	to	see	below,	so	they	could	choose	what

was	important	for	them	to	take	back	to	study.

After	 fifteen	 minutes	 of	 exploring	 the	 horizontal	 shaft,	 they	 came	 to	 a	 burial chamber.	Inside	the	chamber	were	at	least	a	dozen	bodies,	which	appeared	to	have

elongated	 skulls.	They	 had	been	 placed	 into	 bundles	in	 sitting	positions	and	 were

swaddled	 by	 some	 kind	 of	 woven	 material.	 The	 eye	 sockets	 were	 bigger	 than	 a modern-day	human’s,	and	the	skull	bone	seemed	to	be	much	thicker	as	well.	This

was	an	incredible	find	in	itself,	but	it	wasn’t	a	retrieval	that	Darren	would	be	called in	for.	So,	he	wanted	to	find	exactly	what	they	were	there	to	collect.	Phil	relayed	the question,	and	the	guide	then	nodded	his	head,	taking	them	to	another	room	where

they	saw	what	they’d	been	sent	to	collect.

Hovering	 in	 the	 centre	 of	 the	 room	 was	 a	 metal	 ball	 that	 was	 magically

suspended	above	a	granite	obelisk.	It	had	symbols	on	the	sides	of	it,	and	there	were

illuminated	lights	on	the	stone	underneath	it.

“Be	 careful,”	 Phil	 said	 to	 Darren.	 This	 thing	 has	 been	 here	 for	 thousands	 of years.	 This	 has	 to	 be	 booby-trapped	 in	 some	 way	 otherwise	 it	 would	 have	 been taken	outta	here	by	now,”	he	cautioned.

The	 ball	 appeared	 to	 be	 made	 of	 some	 kind	 of	 foreign	 metal	 and	 it	 was

levitating.	Behind	it	on	the	walls	were	various	symbols,	which	resembled	some	form

of	ancient	writing,	but	Darren	had	no	idea	what	it	was.	The	symbols	needed	to	be

deciphered	 because	 they	 would	 explain	 what	 this	 metal	 ball	 was	 for	 and	 who	 its creators	had	been.

After	 walking	 out	 of	 the	 room,	 the	 guide	 told	 Phil	 that	 there	 were	 miles	 of tunnels,	most	of	which	yet	to	be	explored.	As	they	began	walking	down	the	tunnel

system,	 Darren	 told	 Phil	 to	 ask	 the	 guide	 the	 story	 about	 how	 this	 had	 all	 been discovered.	The	man	told	Phil	in	Spanish	and	then	Phil	let	out	a	few	swear	words.

“What’d	he	tell	you	mate?”	Darren	asked	as	he	looked	through	his	bag,	took	out

his	headlamp,	and	put	it	on	his	head.

Phil	looked	over	at	his	boss	and	said,	“The	three	men	that	tried	to	take	the	metal

ball	down	were	shot	by	beams	of	light	that	came	straight	out	from	the	walls.	They

died	here,”	he	explained.

Darren	and	Phil	then	knew	that	this	wasn’t	going	to	be	a	speedy	recovery.	He

needed	 to	 get	 a	 message	 back	 to	 his	 handler	 to	 request	 some	 engineers	 to	 the	 site because	this	was	not	something	that	he	was	prepared	to	take	on	without	experts.

“This	isn’t	worth	us	dying	over.	I’ll	call	my	mate	in—Mitch.	He’ll	figure	things

out.	I	mean,	if	that	thing	killed	three	people	then,	let’s	leave	it	where	it	is	and	call for	reinforcements.	Give	the	man	his	money.	We’re	going	to	be	here	for	a	while	I

reckon.”

November	24,	1991

Syria

By	the	end	of	the	year,	Darren	was	starting	to	settle	into	his	role	within	the

Orange	Corporation.	He	missed	his	mates	from	the	SAS,	and	he	missed	Australia,

but	he	felt	a	certain	thrill	about	being	involved	in	such	earth-changing	discoveries.

Syria’s	retrieval	mission	wasn’t	for	parts.	Rather,	Darren	would	be	picking	up	the

remains	 of	 what	 they	 called	 a	 Raptor	 Warrior.	 It	 was	 swaddled	 in	 heavy	 canvas blankets	 and	 placed	 in	 the	 back	 of	 Darren’s	 van.	 The	 windows	 were	 tinted	 so	 no one	could	peer	in.	The	local	law	officials	had	been	given	the	license	plate	number

and	strict	orders	not	to	approach	it.

Darren’s	curiosity	got	the	best	of	him	while	waiting	for	a	light	to	turn	green.	He

twisted	 around,	 reaching	 into	 the	 back	 seat	 and	 pulling	 back	 the	 blankets	 so	 he could	look	at	the	alien.	It	resembled	a	miniature	T-Rex	but	had	strange	ridges	on	its

head.

According	to	the	report,	it	had	been	shot	down	while	trying	to	abduct	humans.

They	were	believed	to	be	this	species’	primary	food	source	while	they	were	on	earth.

As	Darren	looked	at	the	body,	he	could	see	that	it	had	been	riddled	with	50-calibre

explosive-tipped	rounds.

“Well,	 shit,”	 said	 Darren.	 He	 pulled	 the	 blanket	 back	 over	 the	 creature	 before turning	back	to	sit	properly	in	his	seat.

The	light	turned	green.	Darren	continued	driving.	The	DNA	recovered	that	day

was	priceless,	and	there	was	no	doubt	that	he	was	on	a	time	crunch	so	the	people	in

the	 secret	 labs	 underground	 could	 harvest	 living	 DNA	 from	 the	 body	 and	 start experimenting	with	it.

January	6,	1992

Secret	Wet	Room

In	 early	 1992,	 his	 handler	 informed	 Darren	 that	 he	 would	 soon	 be	 sent	 to

Melville	 Island,	 in	 Canada.	 It	 was	 going	 to	 be	 a	 mission	 that	 could	 take	 several weeks	or	possibly	even	longer	and	would	require	his	skills	of	protecting	people	from

harm	 while	 they	 were	 underground.	 It	 was	 an	 important	 mission	 and	 incredibly secretive.

First,	though,	he	was	given	a	smaller	mission.

It	was	a	test.	Darren	knew	that.	They	needed	to	make	sure	that	he	was	loyal	to

the	organization.	They	needed	to	make	sure	that	Darren	would	listen	to	and	follow

any	orders.	They	also	were	checking	on	him	to	see	if	he	would	terminate	assets	if	it

looked	like	they	were	going	to	disclose	any	secrets	that	were	of	value	to	the	Orange

Corporation	or	the	CIA.

He	was	flown	to	a	secret	base	in	Alaska	and	taken	underground.	After	walking

down	a	long	corridor,	he	was	eventually	escorted	to	a	very	clean	room,	which	had	a

chair	in	the	centre	of	it.	In	the	chair	was	a	man	with	a	black	cover	over	his	entire

head.	His	hands	were	securely	fastened	to	the	arms	of	the	chair,	and	his	legs	were

tied	to	the	base.	Darren	could	see	that	the	man	was	still	breathing.

Darren’s	orders	were	very	simple.	He	had	to	shoot	the	man	and	kill	him	with	no

reasoning	given—just	an	order	to	terminate	with	extreme	prejudice.	There	was	no

information	 on	 who	 the	 man	 was	 or	 what	 he	 had	 done.	 He	 could	 have	 been	 a hardened	criminal.	He	could	have	just	as	easily	been	a	man	that	they	picked	up	off

the	side	of	the	road.	He	could	have	been	a	clone	or	perhaps	even	a	cyborg	that	was

half	man	and	half	machine,	but	he	couldn’t	tell.

Questions	were	strictly	prohibited.

Darren	 was	 given	 a	 handgun	 that	 was	 already	 cocked	 but	 it	 had	 its	 safety

engaged.	He	took	it	from	the	supervising	CIA	representative	and	shot	the	man	in

the	head.	Then	he	handed	the	gun	back	to	the	person	that	was	in	charge.

“Do	I	pass	the	test?”	Darren	asked	as	he	looked	the	man	in	the	eyes.

The	CIA	operator	looked	at	the	blood	spatter	on	the	white	walls	as	he	nodded his	head.	“Yes.	Please	exit	the	room	and	follow	me.	Your	handler	is	waiting	to	give

you	a	debriefing.”

When	 Darren	 met	 Anna,	 he	 was	 quite	 surprised	 because	 he	 had	 thought	 she

would	be	in	Australia	working	at	Pine	Gap.	She	was	waiting	for	him	and	obviously

had	 things	 she	 wanted	 to	 say.	 He	 smiled	 at	 her	 and	 sat	 down	 in	 the	 chair	 on	 the other	side	of	the	table.

“Are	we	being	watched	or	is	this	conversation	being	recorded?”	Darren	asked.

She	 looked	around	 the	room	 and	 smiled	 back	 at	him.	“You	never	know	 who’s

listening	or	watching,	so	watch	what	you	say	back	to	me	in	here,	all	right?”

Darren	nodded.

Anna	 was	 happy	 to	 see	 Darren	 face	 to	 face	 again.	 She’d	 been	 busy	 with	 other assignments	for	several	months	and	could	only	talk	to	him	occasionally	through	a

secure	satellite	phone.	The	CIA	had	their	own	satellites	above	the	earth,	which	gave

them	a	much	broader	reach	over	the	world,	she’d	come	to	learn.

“It’s	still	good	to	see	you,	Darren,”	she	said	as	she	reached	beside	her	chair	and

pulled	out	a	manila	folder,	which	had	the	word	“classified”	on	the	side	of	it.	Darren

watched	her	open	it.	There	was	a	paper	inside	it	titled	“Unit	81”	and	then	a	brief

summary	of	what	appeared	below	the	heading.

Darren	 smiled	 at	 her	 and	 then	 looked	 down	 at	 the	 open	 folder.	 “What	 is	unit 81,	dare	I	ask?”

Anna	looked	at	her	cup	of	coffee	and	reached	for	it.	She	took	a	sip	of	it	and	then

held	it	to	warm	her	hand.	“They’re	a	newly	formed	unit	in	Israel.	Guess	what	they

do?”

Darren	raised	his	eyebrows	and	replied,	“The	same	job	that	we	do?”

It	 was	 obviously	 the	 right	 answer,	 as	 Anna	 smiled.	 “That’s	 right.	 They	recover ancient	 technology	 too.	 But	 what’s	 concerning	 is	 the	 fact	 that	 they	 also	 back-engineer	these	things,	just	as	we	do.	They’re	our	closest	allies,	and	they	want	to	be

side	by	side	with	us	as	we	work	on	certain	things	within	the	Middle	East.	I	doubt

that’s	 going	 to	 be	 approved,	 but	 it	 certainly	 would	 be	 if	 the	 jobs	 we	 did	 were	 in

their	country.	What	we	let	them	know	is	highly	selective,	and	it	seems	they	feel	the same	way	about	sharing	things	with	us.	They	have	a	lot	of	things	buried	underneath

them,	though,	that	the	higher	levels	want	us	to	be	kept	in	the	loop	on.”

Darren	looked	at	his	handler	and	wanted	to	know	where	this	was	heading,	and

so	he	was	direct	with	his	next	question.	“So,	am	I	being	sent	to	Israel	to	do	a	trade?”

he	asked.

She	shook	her	head.	“Not	yet,	but	it’s	something	that	should	be	on	our	radar.	I

wanted	 to	 tell	 you	 about	 them	 so	 you’re	 careful	 about	 what	 you	 say	 in	 front	 of scientists	and	researchers	that	are	working	under	your	supervision	when	you’re	on

assignments	working	with	them.	My	own	handler	told	me	that	we	would	have	to	go

there	in	the	near	future—just	so	you’re	aware.	I	wanted	you	to	start	thinking	about

how	you	interact	with	people	you’re	meeting	for	the	first	or	second	time.”

Darren	appreciated	the	briefing	and	listened	to	her	tell	him	the	basics	about	the

unit	 and	 how	 it	 was	 American	 money	 that	 basically	 helped	 them	 run	 their

operation.	It	was	confusing	to	him	why	Israel	got	so	much	financial	support	from

the	United	States,	but	it	wasn’t	something	that	he	had	any	control	over.

When	Darren’s	handler	finished	her	briefing	about	Unit	81,	she	went	on	to	talk

about	his	immediate	assignment	and	why	she	was	no	longer	in	Australia.

“There’s	 another	 place	 that	 has	 been	 discovered,	 and	 it	 has	 a	 lot	 of	 interesting things	that	have	been	found	below	the	surface—just	like	in	Peru.	It’s	on	an	island	in

the	 northern	 part	 of	 Canada,	 and	 it’s	 covered	 in	 ice	 for	 most	 of	 the	 year,”	 she explained.

Darren’s	 interest	 was	 caught	 by	 what	 she	 was	 telling	 him.	 “And	 what’s	 below that	island?”

“There	are	a	lot	of	tunnels	and	glyphs	on	the	walls,	and	some	of	the	photographs

that	got	back	to	us	reveal	advanced	technology	having	been	discovered.	But	I	can’t

show	you	those	pictures	because	I	don’t	have	any.	I’m	just	relaying	what	I	was	told

by	my	own	handler.	I	need	to	send	some	people	down	there,	so	I	need	you	to	keep

them	from	harm	while	they’re	underground	poking	their	heads	around.	We	believe

that	some	high-value	items	of	significance	are	down	there,	and	that’s	why	I’m	here

too.	They	want	me	to	be	in	Canada	supporting	you	in	whatever	capacity	you	need.

So,	this	is	pretty	important	to	the	CIA.”

Anna	nodded	and	took	another	sip	of	her	coffee,	finishing	it.	She	put	the	cup	to

the	side	of	the	table	and	spoke.	“Yes,	it’s	got	their	interest	that’s	for	sure.”

“Are	the	Canadians	aware	of	what’s	been	found?”

Anna	 shook	 her	 head.	 “They	 have	 no	 idea.	 That’s	 why	 it’s	 important	 that	 we keep	 everyone	 quiet	 and	 we	 move	 in	 and	 out	 of	 there	 as	 quickly	 as	 possible.

Remember	that	if	we	lose	control	of	the	information	being	released,	we’ll	need	to

terminate	 the	 asset	 leaking	 the	 information.	 That’s	 your	 protocol	 but	 I’m	 hoping that	 it	 won’t	 be	 necessary.	 I’m	 going	 to	 suggest	 you	 first	 use	 psychology	 to	 make people	do	what	you	want	them	to	do	before	you	terminate	somebody	in	a	foreign

country.”

Darren	 nodded	 his	 head	 as	 though	 he	 understood.	 “So	 when	 do	 we	 leave

Alaska?”

“In	a	couple	of	days.	We	still	needed	to	do	another	job,	but	I	can	tell	you	about

that	 later.	 Let’s	 get	 out	 of	 here	 and	 go	 to	 Anchorage,”	 she	 said	 as	 she	 pushed	 her chair	back	and	stood	up	from	the	table.	She	was	quite	ready	to	leave	the	base	and

check	out	the	countryside.

Northern	Canada

May	12,	1992

Site	Perimeter	of	Discovery	X

A	 series	 of	 tunnels	 had	 been	 discovered	 in	 Northern	 Canada	 a	 year	 before

Darren’s	arrival.	What	Darren’s	handler	had	told	him	would	be	an	in-and-out	job

turned	out	to	be	something	that	required	him	to	be	there	for	many	months	instead.

With	his	loyalty	to	the	Orange	Corporation	proven,	he	was	entrusted	to	maintain

site	security	to	ensure	that	the	secrets	waiting	down	there	weren’t	announced	to	the

rest	of	the	world.	The	drilling	and	the	blasting	had	stopped	that	afternoon.	Darren’s

job	was	making	sure	that	there	were	no	aircraft	flying	above	them	as	they	attempted to	clean	up	the	debris	all	over	the	surface.	By	drilling	out	shafts,	they	could	then	get bigger	electrical	generators	down	into	the	caverns	below	so	they	could	be	lit	up	for

longer	periods	of	time.

When	Darren	felt	that	his	security	team	was	capable	of	handling	things	on	the

surface,	 he	 went	 below	 ground.	 As	 he	 walked	 down	 the	 tunnel	 that	 had	 been discovered	 quite	 by	 accident,	 he	 was	 amazed	 by	 the	 fact	 that	 so	 many	 cultures throughout	 time	 had	 wanted	 to	 leave	 a	 story	 behind	 for	 others	 to	 find.	 While	 he had	 a	 few	 moments	 by	 himself,	 he	 walked	 down	 a	 corridor	 carved	 out	 of	 solid granite	and	marvelled	at	what	he	saw	on	the	walls.

Darren’s	eyes	were	diverted	when	he	heard	the	boots	of	someone	coming	toward

him	as	he	walked	deeper	into	the	tunnel	system.	He	soon	recognized	the	face	of	the

head	 archaeologist.	 His	 name	 was	 Bill	 Jenkins,	 and	 he	 was	 also	 an	 underground structural	engineer	who	worked	closely	with	Dr	Emily	Aranda,	an	expert	on	ancient

languages	and	anthropology,	who	was	also	assigned	to	this	expedition.

Despite	the	fact	that	Darren	was	normally	in	and	out	on	short	jobs,	this	one	was

an	exception	because	they’d	discovered	an	ancient	power	source	underground	that

needed	 investigation	 and	 further	 study.	 What	 made	 the	 task	 more	 challenging	 is that	the	device	couldn’t	be	removed	from	its	present	location.	What	was	concerning

to	the	scientists	was	that	the	device	was	believed	to	actually	be	alive	and	that	it	had been	 made	 with	 sound.	 He	 didn’t	 fully	 understand	 what	 Bill	 and	 Dr	 Emily	 were talking	about,	but	it	sure	sounded	interesting.

The	Orange	Corporation	decided,	within	the	first	month	of	his	work	there,	that

Darren	would	stay	on	site	for	almost	the	entire	year.	He	spent	most	of	his	days	with

Bill	and	Emily,	listening	closely	to	everything	they	had	to	say.

When	 the	 chance	 arose,	 he	 snapped	 pictures	 when	 no	 one	 else	 was	 watching

since	he	was	the	most	senior	security	team	member	present.	The	first	few	times,	he

managed	 to	 do	 so	 without	 getting	 caught.	 In	 the	 end,	 though,	 he	 wasn’t	 quick enough.

When	Bill	caught	him	taking	a	picture	of	the	small	pyramid	that	was	resting	on

a	block	of	granite	in	one	of	the	caverns,	the	man	warned	him,	“That’s	against	all	the rules,	Darren.	You	know	that.”

“I	was	taking	these	pictures	so	I	could	show	my	boss,”	Darren	replied.	He	gave

his	friend	a	sheepish	smile.	“I’ll	pitch	the	camera	when	we	get	back	to	camp,	yeah?”

Bill	 eyed	 him,	 clearly	 not	 fully	 believing	 Darren.	 Finally,	 though,	 he	 said,

“You’re	going	to	get	yourself	in	a	mess	of	trouble	one	of	these	days.”

“Funny.	That’s	what	my	boss	keeps	telling	me,	too,”	said	Darren.	He	stuck	close

behind	 Bill.	 They	 were	 in	 the	 largest	 cavern,	 and	 it	 was	 quite	 warm	 due	 to	 the thermal	activity.

Bill	chuckled.	“That	woman	that	came	to	see	you	a	few	weeks	ago	didn’t	mince

her	 words.	 Are	 the	 two	 of	 you	 getting	 along?	 She	 doesn’t	 work	 for	 Orange,	 does she?”

“No.	She	doesn’t.	Not	lately,”	said	Darren	petulantly.	“I	mean,	well—I	suppose

if	 you	 work	 with	 someone	 long	 enough,	 you	 build	 a	 relationship	 of	 trust.	 I	 think things	are	okay,	but	she’s	worried	that	this	project	is	going	to	attract	some	attention soon	if	we’re	not	more	careful	about	who	we	bring	over	here.	We	had	an	argument

about	when	I	need	to	talk	to	her	about	any	new	discoveries	being	made	here.	She

doesn’t	want	the	Canadian	government	finding	out	what’s	been	discovered	here.”

“Are	you	sure	that’s	all	it	is?”

“You	implying	something,	mate?”

“I’m	 just	 saying,	 you	 seem	 to	 be	 getting	 awfully	 close	 to	 her,”	 said	 Bill.	 He looked	over	his	shoulder,	giving	him	a	teasing	smile.

Darren	didn’t	smile	back,	so	Bill	dropped	the	subject.

The	 problem	 was	 that	 Bill	 was	 right.	 Darren	 was	 growing	 increasingly	 fond	 of his	 handler,	 Miss	 Anna	 Carpenter	 .	 .	 .	 and	 that	 was	 not	 something	 he	 wanted	 to happen.

September	15,	1992

China

Darren	 was	 sent	 on	 a	 mission	 to	 China	 in	 the	 fall	 of	 1992	 shortly	 after completing	a	mission	to	Israel	where	he’d	had	to	fly	something	small	back	to	Los

Alamos,	 New	 Mexico.	 The	 China	 mission	 was	 going	 to	 be	 his	 second	 job	 since leaving	the	tunnel	system	in	Northern	Canada.

He	asked	his	handler,	“How	did	this	happen,	mate?	I	can’t	picture	China	being

open	to	this	sort	of	thing.”

Anna	laughed.	“God,	no.	But	General	Chen	has	friends	in	China,	Darren.”

“I’d	like	to	get	to	know	his	story	someday.”

“General	Chen	definitely	has	some	connections	in	the	country,”	Anna	explained.

“He	 managed	 to	 get	 us	 a	 diplomatic	 visa	 to	 get	 in	 but	 you	 must	 be	 extremely careful.”

Darren	shook	his	head.	“I	don’t	get	it.	That	man—he’s	something	else,	isn’t	he?

Always	 seemed	 a	 little	 off	 to	 me,	 but	 the	 man	 has	 tentacles	 over	 so	 many	 things around	the	world	based	on	what	I’ve	seen	with	my	own	eyes.	It	makes	me	want	to

ask	what	he’s	doing	with	all	this	space-age	technology.”

Anna	bit	at	her	lower	lip.	Darren	had	come	to	learn	that	meant	she	was	debating

something.

He	prodded,	“What’s	on	your	mind?”

“I’m	only	telling	you	this	because	I	think	it’s	pertinent	knowledge	for	a	man	in

your	 position,”	 said	 Anna.	 “You	 don’t	 have	 clearance	 to	 know	 this.	 I	 don’t	 have clearance	to	tell	you.	If	I	find	out	that	this	information	leaves	this	room,	I’ll	shoot you	myself.”

Darren	swore	an	oath,	promising	to	keep	it	secret.

Anna	 nodded,	then	said,	 “The	 reason	 that	 Pine	 Gap	 was	 so	 heavily	 guarded	 is that	it’s	the	home	of	our	cloning	facilities.”

“I’ve	heard	rumours	about	them.	Genetic	engineering	and	all	that.”

“The	 original	 Chen	 worked	 for	 the	 US	 shadow	 government	 when	 it	 was	 first

started.”

“Original,”	said	Darren.	“You	telling	me	I’m	being	bossed	around	by	a	clone?”

Anna	nodded.

“The	original	General	Chen	was	a	part	of	the	American	mission	to	establish	antigravity	technology.	He	was	an	 American.	 But	 after	they	 threw	him	out,	 they	 sent

him	 back	 to	 China	 and	 he	 became	 the	 grandfather	 of	 their	 secret	 space	 program.

Now	he’s	in	a	deep	freeze	somewhere.”

Darren	shook	his	head.	“But	 why?”

Anna	looked	around.	There	was	no	chance	anyone	else	would	be	there,	but	she

double-checked	before	explaining	that,	in	1954,	Chen	had	been	fired	by	the	MJ-12

group,	and	that’s	why	he	had	been	sent	back	to	China	from	the	United	States.

“The	 reason	 was	 that	 the	 US	 had	 mastered	 anti-gravity	 in	 that	 same	 year	 and they	 didn’t	 want	 Chen	 to	 send	 that	 information	 back	 to	 China.	 And	 when	 they gave	him	the	boot,	he	felt	so	betrayed	by	what	they’d	done	to	him	that	he	changed

his	 mind	 completely	 and	 started	 to	 reveal	 what	 he	 knew	 to	 the	 Chinese	 military.

What	 became	 of	 all	 that	 hostility	 was	 the	 beginnings	 of	 the	 secret	 space	 program developed	by	China	beginning	in	1954.	They’ve	been	secretly	developing	their	own

space	program	ever	since,	and	they	get	much	of	their	information	from	Israel,	which

steals	it	from	us	when	we’re	not	watching	what	they’re	doing.	Every	time	Israel	gets

caught	with	its	hand	in	the	cookie	jar,	the	case	is	quickly	covered	up.	It	makes	me

sick	that	no	one	will	stop	it,”	she	said	angrily.

Darren	was	confused	by	what	she’d	just	told	him.	As	he	scratched	his	head,	he

wondered	something.	“There	are	so	many	factions	at	play	here.	My	first	question	is,

why	 would	 the	 CIA	 allow	 a	 corporation	 that	 they	 control	 to	 be	 run	 by	 this	 guy’s clone?”

Anna	 smiled.	 “I	 know	 it’s	 confusing,	 but	 it	 all	 has	 to	 do	 with	 keeping	 your enemies	close	so	you	can	watch	what	they’re	doing	out	on	the	playground	with	the

toys	that	you	give	them.	And	now	that	you’re	equipped	with	this	information,	you

can	 come	 back	 to	 me	 with	 reports	 on	 what	 Chen	 is	 developing	 as	 he	 studies	 the things	that	you	take	back	to	his	facilities	to	be	re-engineered.”

Darren	had	a	look	of	doubt	on	his	face	when	he	said,	“The	Chen	in	charge	of

the	 Orange	 Corporation	 is	 simply	 a	 clone	 of	 the	 original	 Chen?	 That’s	 insane.	 I never	would	have	thought	any	of	this	could	be	even	possible.”

Anna	 smiled	 at	 him	 again	 and	 said,	 “That’s	 the	 whole	 point,	 Darren.	 People aren’t	supposed	to	believe	this	could	be	happening.	It	would	be	bad	for	business	if

they	knew	it	was	real.”

Darren	 was	 being	 sent	 by	 General	 Chen	 to	 obtain	 pictures	 of	 an	 advanced

technical	 device	 that	 appeared	 to	 be	 a	 miniature	 star	 gate.	 It	 had	 been	 discovered underneath	the	largest	pyramid	in	China.	The	handsome	Australian	was	amazed	at

the	sheer	thought	of	it.	“So,	while	everyone	else	believes	the	pyramids	of	Giza	are

burial	 chambers	 for	 ancient	 pharaohs,	 the	 Chinese	 have	 been	 digging	 underneath some	 of	 the	 ones	 in	 their	 own	 country	 and	 they’ve	 found	 advanced	 technology?

That’s	what	you’re	telling	me?”	he	attempted	to	confirm.

Anna	 nodded	 her	 head.	 “That’s	 right,	 and	 they’re	 not	 telling	 us	 everything

they’ve	found	either.	Not	by	a	long	shot.	But	they	don’t	want	to	slam	the	door	in

our	faces	either	because	they	know	about	the	secret	space	programs	we’re	involved

in	and	they	want	to	be	a	part	of	that	information	chain,	too,”	she	explained.

His	 wonder	 only	 continued	 to	 grow	 when	 Anna	 said,	 “There	 are	 quite	 a	 few

pyramids	that	have	been	discovered	over	there.	Here,	look	at	this.”

Anna	pulled	her	folder	out.	She	opened	it	up	to	reveal	several	8x10	photographs.

The	first	picture	showed	a	pyramid	that	was	a	thousand	feet	tall	and	over	1500

square	 feet	 at	 the	 base.	 It	 was	 covered	 in	 a	 white	 coating	 of	 some	 kind.	 Anna pointed	out	the	top	bit	of	the	pyramid	was	made	of	a	coloured	gemstone	of	some

kind.	It	appeared	to	be	bigger	than	the	tallest	pyramid	in	Egypt,	and	it	was	more

intact	as	well.	“This	 is	 the	 one	 you’re	going	 to	 see,”	 she	said.	 Next,	 Anna	showed him	a	picture	that	had	been	taken	by	a	US	airman	in	Shensi	province	in	Northern

Central	China.

“That’s	just	insane,	mate,”	said	Darren.	He	shook	his	head	as	she	showed	him

the	second	picture.

Anna	told	him,	“If	you	think	the	pictures	are	hard	to	believe,	wait	until	you	see

it	 in	 person.	 This	 is	 going	 to	 be	 different	 from	 any	 job	 you’ve	 been	 on	 before, Darren.	You’re	going	to	need	to	be	careful	because	I	need	you	to	venture	into	a	few

areas	and	tell	me	what	you	see.”

“Don’t	 worry,	 Birdie,”	 said	 Darren.	 The	 nickname	 for	 Anna	 comes	 naturally these	days.	“I’m	always	careful.”

Anna	chided,	“You’re	never	careful.”

Darren	gave	her	a	charming	smile.	“It’s	the	thought	that	counts,	right?”

Anna	swatted	him	on	the	shoulder.	Darren	laughed	and	headed	on	his	way.

Once	in	China,	Darren	was	assigned	an	escort	who	doubled	as	his	driver	while

he	was	there.	The	country	was	massive,	and	he	found	the	rural	areas	beautiful	as	the

driver	 took	 him	 over	 miles	 of	 remote,	 rugged	 wilderness.	 For	 several	 days	 he	 was driven	 from	 one	 city	 to	 the	 next	 and	 then	 out	 into	 the	 remote	 countryside	 to	 see what	his	handler	had	shown	him	in	the	pictures	first	hand.	Mathews	had	never	seen

a	pyramid	like	the	one	he	was	going	to	be	allowed	to	see.

One	of	the	attractions	that	caught	his	attention	after	the	first	day	was	the	Great

Wall	 running	 along	 the	 mountains.	 He	 was	 shocked	 at	 the	 size	 of	 it.	 The	 people that	 it	 was	 meant	 to	 keep	 out	 must	 have	 been	 incredibly	 dangerous	 Darren

suspected.	He	asked	the	driver	if	he	could	take	a	picture.	When	he	was	told	that	it

was	 okay,	 the	 car	 pulled	 over	 and	 Darren	 got	 out.	 The	 air	 was	 good	 out	 in	 the country.	It	was	just	the	cities	where	the	smog	was	so	bad.

The	beauty	of	the	land	was	marred	by	the	cruelty	he	saw	when	passing	through

the	 open-air	 markets	 in	 one	 of	 the	 regional	 towns,	 where	 he	 saw	 several	 people throw	dogs	into	boiling	water	to	cook	them	alive	so	they	would	taste	better.	He	was

horrified.	“Fucking	mongrels,”	he	said	to	himself.	“Pure	cruelty.	That’s	all	this	is.”

He	couldn’t	just	leave	it	be.	That	sort	of	cruelty	had	to	be	paid	back	in	full.	He

asked	his	guide	to	take	him	a	few	blocks	away	from	the	carnage.	Then,	he	spotted	a

policeman	 and	 walked	 up	 to	 him	 with	 his	 guide	 in	 tow.	 He	 asked	 his	 guide	 to translate	 what	 he	 said,	 which	 the	 man	 did.	 Darren	 explained	 that	 he	 had	 heard some	people	openly	talking	about	how	the	government	should	be	overthrown.	After

the	 escort	 relayed	 the	 information,	 the	 policeman	 became	 alarmed	 and	 wanted	 to know	 where	 he’d	 heard	 this.	 When	 the	 guide	 told	 him	 that	 the	 police	 officer wanted	to	know	who	had	said	this	and	where	they	were	now.	Darren	pointed	back

towards	the	dog	slaughter	that	was	taking	place	and	described	the	two	men.

The	police	officer	told	both	of	them	to	stay	there	so	their	personal	details	could be	 taken	 down,	 and	 then	 the	 police	 officer	 got	 on	 his	 radio	 and	 called	 in	 for support.	He	started	walking	in	the	direction	that	Mathews	had	pointed	as	he	looked

for	the	suspects.

Once	 the	 police	 officer	 was	 gone,	 the	 guide	 took	 Darren	 back	 to	 the	 car	 and quickly	drove	away.	The	escort	spoke	perfect	English	and	advised	Darren	that	the

police	 would	 now	 arrest	 those	 men	 for	 speaking	 against	 the	 Chinese	 government.

Darren	 was	 happy	 to	 see	 them	 taken	 away	 after	 watching	 them	 perform	 such	 a terrible	sight.

“I’ll	sleep	better	knowing	they’re	locked	up,	mate.	I’m	not	worried	about	it,”	he

said	as	they	drove	on,	feeling	satisfied	with	himself.

After	leaving	the	open-air	market	behind	them,	Darren	was	taken	to	the	location

where	he	was	to	meet	the	person	that	would	hand	over	the	pictures	of	the	device.

When	he	met	with	the	researcher	of	the	pyramid,	he	knew	he	was	privileged	to	hear

the	details	of	what	they’d	discovered	underneath	the	pyramids	inside	the	safety	of

his	apartment.	He	paid	to	see	the	pictures,	and	then	he	took	pictures	of	them	with

the	camera	that	he’d	brought	along.	Then,	his	guide	was	told	to	take	Darren	to	see

the	 amazing	 structure	 in	 person.	 Darren,	 however,	 wondered	 how	 come	 this	 was happening	so	easily	when	for	decades	nobody	from	the	West	had	been	allowed	to

come	near	to	this	place.	He	asked	his	driver	and	gave	him	several	thousand	dollars

as	 a	 bribe	 to	 tell	 him.	 That’s	 when	 he	 learned	 about	 the	 influence	 of	 the	 Red Dragon	family	who	had	made	the	agreement	with	the	CIA.

He	 viewed	 the	 tall	 white	 pyramid	 in	 person	 before	 he	 left.	 He	 was	 amazed	 by what	 he	 saw	 and	 also	 by	 the	 people	 that	 had	 built	 it.	 After	 being	 allowed	 to	 take several	pictures	 of	 himself	 in	front	of	the	 pyramid	 he	 left	in	his	guide’s	vehicle	 to drive	 to	 another	 destination.	 One	 that	 his	 handler	 had	 said	 would	 just	 be	 a	 drive through	a	regional	area.	He	was	to	report	what	he	saw.

After	 a	 meal	 of	 some	 sort	 of	 seafood	 noodle	 dish,	 they	 stopped	 at	 a	 hotel	 and stayed	 the	 night.	 In	 the	 morning,	 they	 continued	 toward	 the	 area	 that	 Anna	 had wanted	him	to	check	out.	He	wasn’t	sure	what	he	was	supposed	to	report,	but	soon

enough,	he	was	able	to	figure	it	out.

There	were	many	orthodox	Jews	walking	around	the	small	town,	and	they	were

all	Caucasian.	That	was	a	strange	thing	to	see	in	an	Asian	country	with	such	a	big

Chinese	 population.	 He	 suspected	 that	 was	 what	 Anna	 was	 waiting	 for	 him	 to confirm	 for	 her.	 It	 made	 a	 lot	 of	 sense,	 and	 he	 asked	 the	 driver	 why	 there	 were orthodox	Jews	in	China.

“They	 live	 in	 the	 Jewish	 autonomous	 zone	 here.	 The	 government	 has	 made	 a

deal	with	Israel	so	they	can	live	here	in	their	own	area.”

Darren	was	shocked	and	asked	another	question	as	they	kept	driving	through	the

small	town.	“Do	you	not	think	that’s	kind	of	strange,	mate?”

The	driver	nodded	but	said	nothing	further.	He	kept	his	eyes	on	the	road	and

made	no	further	conversation	until	he	had	gotten	Darren	to	the	hotel	at	the	airport,

where	 he	 booked	 two	 rooms	 for	 the	night.	 Darren	 thanked	 him	 for	doing	 so	and then	went	up	to	his	room,	showered,	and	prepared	for	sleep	in	a	decent	bed.

The	 next	 morning,	 there	 was	 a	 knock	 on	 his	 door.	 He	 opened	 it	 up	 and

recognized	his	guide.	Darren	welcomed	him	into	his	room	with	some	small	talk	and

went	back	to	the	bathroom	where	he	finished	shaving.	He	put	on	some	aluminium-

free	deodorant	and	then	put	on	his	shirt.	His	bag	was	already	packed	and	was	easy

to	pull	behind	him	as	they	exited	the	room.

After	 Darren	 boarded	 his	 plane,	 he	 found	 his	 seat	 and	 tried	 not	 to	 attract	 any attention.	He	took	out	a	book	and	began	reading.

He	met	Anna	at	the	San	Francisco	airport.	They	drove	out	of	the	city	and	found

a	 coffee	 shop	 where	 she	 could	 examine	 the	 pictures	 of	 what	 Darren	 had	 brought back	with	him.	She	was	impressed	by	how	far	into	China	he	had	managed	to	get.

He	gave	her	the	film	from	his	camera	and	asked	her	to	develop	it.	“There	are	loads

of	great	 pictures	 on	 there,	 and	I’d	 like	 one	or	two	of	 them	 if	 you’re	 okay	 with	it.

Have	a	look	and	see	what	you	can	do.”

Anna	smiled	as	she	took	the	roll	of	film.	“No	problem,”	she	said.	“You	really	hit

the	ball	out	of	the	park	on	this	one,	Darren!”

She	looked	into	his	eyes	and	wanted	to	know	what	else	he	had	seen.	He	told	her

everything	 that	 he	 had	 seen	 on	 his	 trip,	 including	 the	 details	 about	 the	 Jewish autonomous	zone.	When	he	finished,	she	was	left	thinking	about	what	she	needed

to	do	next.

Darren	broke	the	silence.	“I	was	thinking	.	.	.	clearly	this	kind	of	technology	is	all around	the	Earth.	What	about	the	other	countries?	What	about	Russia?	What	about

the	African	continent?	They	must	have	people	out	there	looking	for	this	stuff,	too.

What’s	going	to	happen	when	you’re	successful	at	transporting	things	through	this

portal	technology?”

Anna	said,	“Then,	we	can	move	to	other	dimensions	and	other	timelines.	This	is

what	the	Germans	were	trying	to	do	with	their	invention	known	as	 die	glocke.	It’s	a priority	 for	 the	 CIA	 to	 find	 this	 kind	 of	 technology	 before	 anyone	 else	 is	 able	 to figure	out	how	it	works.”

“Why?	Do	you	really	know	what	the	CIA	really	is?	What	aren’t	they	telling	us,

Anna?”

Anna	 hesitated.	 Finally,	 she	 said,	“I	 know	that	 they	were	 invented	 after	 World War	2.	They	evolved	from	the	Office	of	Strategic	Services.	The	OSS.	as	they	were

referred	to.”

Darren	scoffed.	“You	should	dig	deeper,	Anna.	What	you	find	out	might	disturb

you.”

Anna	said,	“If	you	know	something,	you	should	just	tell	me.”

Darren	 said,	 “After	 WW2	 ended	 officially,	 the	 OSS	 merged	 with	 the	 Nazi	 SS

Intelligence	 network,	 which	 was	 called	 Odessa.	 One	 Nazi	 SS	 general	 was	 able	 to assist	 the	 CIA	 after	 US-Soviet	 relations	 broke	 down,	 and	 the	 Nazi	 general	 saw	 an opportunity	 to	 save	 himself	 and	 many	 others.	 But	 there	 was	 also	 a	 branch	 of breakaway	 Nazis	 in	 Antarctica	 who	 came	 into	 the	 CIA	 in	 the	 mid-	 1950s	 after agreements	had	been	made	with	the	United	States’	shadow	government.”

Anna	frowned	but	didn’t	interrupt.

Darren	 continued.	 “I	 know	 from	 other	 sources	 that	 a	 European	 intelligence

network	for	 the	CIA	 was	established	 soon	 after	 it	had	 been	created.	By	 1946,	the CIA	was	51%	former	Nazi	intelligence	and	they	used	their	power	and	influence	to

take	 over	 NASA	 and	 many	 other	 organizations	 in	 America	 that	 had	 really	 big budgets.	 Even	 I	 know	 that	 much,	 and	 I	 also	 know	 the	 name	 of	 what	 NASA	 was called	before	it	had	its	name	changed.	Before	it	was	given	the	name	of	NASA	it	was

called	JLP,	and	one	of	Robert	Maxwell’s	daughters	just	so	happened	to	be	married

to	one	of	the	founders.	The	other	sister	was	the	handler	for	Jeffrey	Epstein.”

Anna	didn’t	look	surprised.	She	looked	into	his	eyes	and	gave	him	a	smile.	“I’ll

look	into	the	history	of	the	CIA	when	I	have	a	moment	to	breathe.	I’ve	seen	some

dark	things,	too.	One	of	the	missions	I	was	on	in	Pine	Gap—it	was	all	about	seeing

people	kidnapped	and	murdered	and	then	set	up	to	look	like	a	heroin	overdose.	I

question	killing	soldiers,	which	is	why	you’re	still	alive.”

Darren	asked,	“And	do	you	regret	not	killing	me?”

“No,	 keeping	 you	 alive	 was	 the	 right	 choice.	 You	 should	 thank	 yourself	 for agreeing	to	my	offer.	Everybody	won	that	day,	and	look	at	how	much	you’ve	been

able	to	see	since	then.”

“You’re	absolutely	right	on	that	one,”	he	said	as	he	picked	up	his	cup	of	coffee

and	enjoyed	its	taste.





Chapter	3

Lovers

They	shouldn’t	have	been	in	a	relationship.	It	was	against	every	rule	that	the

Orange	 Corporation	 stood	 for.	 Anna	 and	 Darren	 just	 couldn’t	 help	 themselves.

After	working	with	each	other	for	several	years,	they	had	been	unable	to	resist	each

other.	The	sex	had	been	really	good,	too.

Darren	 was	 in	 the	 shower	 of	 Anna’s	 temporary	 apartment	 in	 Texas.	 Anna	 had

already	taken	her	own	shower.	Her	wet	hair	was	piled	up	on	the	top	of	her	head.

She	was	sipping	on	a	glass	of	wine	while	browsing	the	Internet	for	information

about	 Operation	 Paperclip.	 She	 knew	 about	 the	 post-war	 escape	 routes	 for	 the Nazis	 into	 South	 and	 Central	 America,	 but	 she	 didn’t	 know	 that	 the	 groups	 that would	become	part	of	the	CIA	after	WW2	ended	were	helping	to	get	the	Nazis	that

the	USA	wanted	to	keep.

The	OSS	helped	get	them	out	of	Europe	and	into	South	and	Central	America.

That’s	 where	 Mengele	 had	 gone	 at	 the	 end	 of	 the	 war,	 but	 he	 had	 later	 been smuggled	into	the	United	States	under	a	pseudonym.

According	to	Anna’s	information,	Mengele	had	been	welcomed	into	America	so

he	 could	 start	 the	 super	 soldier	 program	 through	 MK	 Ultra	 using	 Nazi	 trauma-based	 programming.	 Victims	 in	 the	 United	 States	 would	 know	 him	 as	 Dr	 Green, and	the	CIA	was	very	interested	in	keeping	him	financed.

The	 Nazi	 Odessa	 group	 that	 took	 over	 the	 CIA,	 Anna	 was	 amazed	 to	 learn,

wanted	 to	 develop	 their	 super-soldier	 program,	 which	 they	 would	 resume	 inside America.	MK	Ultra	 stood	for	 Minde	 Kontrol	 Ultra	 Secret.	 It	 had	 a	pure	 German

tone	 to	 it.	 The	 trauma-based	 methodology	 created	 something	 that	 would	 be	 so traumatic	 to	 the	 brain	 that	 an	 alternate	 personality	 could	 be	 created	 and

programmed.	Those	personalities	were	then	given	the	term	alters.	If	anyone	tried	to

discover	 the	 subject’s	 other	 personalities,	 they	 were	 subjected	 to	 OMEGA

programming,	which	demanded	suicide	and	termination	of	their	life.

As	Anna	continued	to	read	articles	on	the	Internet,	she	learned	that	it	had	been Mengele’s	job	to	help	the	CIA	create	Manchurian	candidates	for	their	super-soldier

programs.	 Sometimes,	 these	 programs	 started	 at	 a	 very	 young	 age—sometimes	 in utero.

Through	these	MK	Ultra	programs,	hundreds	of	thousands	of	American	citizens

on	 US	 soil	 were	 tortured	 and	 killed.	 Torture	 methods	 included	 rape,	 the	 use	 of sound,	electric	shock,	water	torture,	murder,	the	killing	of	puppies,	and	exposure	to

the	 subjects’	 fears	 for	 long	 periods	 in	 tight	 places—such	 as	 a	 cramped	 box	 full	 of bugs	or	snakes—as	well	as	extreme	temperature	exposure	and	drug	experimentation.

Over	 the	 decades,	 Dr	 Green	 would	 expand	 his	 programs	 to	 include	 Project

Monarch,	 MK	 Delta,	 and	 the	 Montauk	 project	 where	 up	 to	 300,000	 children,

mainly	boys,	were	murdered	underground	at	Camp	Hero,	New	York.	It	was	at	this

location,	she	learned,	that	something	called	a	trip	chair	was	used	on	the	children	to

experiment	with	time	travel.	They	would	be	used	as	assets	to	travel	through	time	for

a	number	of	reasons—and	to	Mengele,	the	children	were	expendable.

Dr	Mengele	was	asked	to	develop	a	training	program	for	super	soldiers	as	well	as

for	slaves,	who	would	be	used	by	the	elite	or	by	spy	agencies	like	the	one	that	Anna

now	worked	for,	though	she	had	no	first-hand	experience	to	confirm	this.

Anna	was	enthralled	by	her	research.	Every	new	bit	of	information	sent	her	mind

reeling.	And	to	think,	this	had	happened	so	recently!	She	knew	very	little	when	it

came	 to	 the	 super-soldier	 programs	 but	 she	 knew	 that	 the	 CIA	 used	 a	 mercenary corporation	 named	 KRUGER,	 and	 their	 soldiers	 were	 augmented	 with	 high-tech

enhancements	 that	 weren’t	 to	 be	 talked	 about.	 She	 was	 lucky	 in	 that	 she	 had stumbled	onto	the	YouTube	channel	called	the	Quantum	Red	Pill	Café,	where	the

hosts	had	started	to	explain	what	people	went	through	during	their	training	phases.

It	was	horrible	for	her	to	hear	about	the	murder	and	torture	that	was	still	going	on.

She	had	no	idea	where	though.

She	was	still	watching	YouTube	videos	when	Darren	stepped	out	of	the	shower

and	walked	up	behind	her.	He	pressed	a	kiss	to	the	side	of	Anna’s	head.	“What	are

you	up	to	now?”	he	asked.

“Always	working,”	she	replied.

Darren	touched	her	shoulder,	“I’m	sure	that	can	wait	a	little	longer.”

Anna	leaned	back	in	her	chair	so	she	could	kiss	him	properly.	“I’m	 not	 always

working.	In	fact,	we	just	had	a	nice,	long	session	didn’t	we?”

“All	right,	love,”	chuckled	Darren.	“I’ll	give	you	that	one.”	He	grabbed	a	chair

and	pulled	it	over,	so	he	could	sit	next	to	her.	“Why	don’t	you	tell	me	what	you’ve

learned	so	far?	We	can	read	it	together.”

It	might	have	been	a	strange	couple’s	activity	for	some	people,	but	it	worked	just

fine	 for	 Anna	 and	 Darren.	 He	 put	 on	 some	 background	 music	 and	 poured	 them both	 a	 drink.	 Anna	 then	 engaged	 Darren	 with	 what	 she’d	 learned	 about	 the	 CIA and	who	they	really	were.

August	14,	1993

Northern	Iraq

In	Northern	Iraq,	directly	on	the	border	with	Iran,	a	twenty-five-meter	flying

disc	 appeared	 in	 the	 sky	 not	 two	 hundred	 meters	 above	 mountainous	 terrain.	 It immediately	erupted	into	pieces	as	it	slammed	into	an	invisible	forcefield.

A	 triangular	 craft	 known	 as	 a	 TR3C	 hovered	 down	 toward	 the	 ground	 after

disengaging	its	cloaking	device.	Men	wearing	black	exoskeleton	armour	exited	the

craft.	 They	 took	 a	 radioactive	 device	 from	 the	 downed	 disc	 and	 re-boarded	 the TR3C.	The	triangular	craft	then	rose	off	the	ground	and	quickly	disappeared	into

the	 sky.	 The	 manmade	 technology	 went	 further	 still,	 ratcheting	 up	 into	 space, headed	for	a	secret	base	that	was	situated	on	Mars.

Not	 long	 afterwards,	 US	 military	 personnel	 arrived	 in	 a	 black	 Chinook

helicopter	to	set	up	a	perimeter.	Men	were	put	on	guard	to	watch	out	for	Islamic

extremists	and	other	threats.	Other	members	of	Darren’s	security	team	pulled	out

two	dead	inter-dimensional	beings	that	had	big	round	heads	and	very	small	bodies

that	 were	 almost	 dwarf-like	 in	 appearance.	 For	 the	 moment,	 his	 team	 had	 to	 act

without	their	supervisor,	Darren.

Mathews	was	situated	in	Iraq	too,	but	he	had	been	sent	on	a	mission	with	Anna

accompanying	 him.	 Together,	 they	 were	 out	 in	 the	 scorching	 Iraqi	 desert,

attempting	to	find	the	source	of	power	that	was	coming	from	an	area	that	they	were

searching.

As	 Darren	 walked	 around,	 Anna	 sat	 on	 the	 hot	 ground	 as	 she	 meditated	 and

tried	to	do	some	remote	viewing.	They	were	on	the	outskirts	of	the	ancient	city	of

Babylon,	and	they	had	been	hoping	to	find	Nimrod’s	ancient	tower	of	Babel.	Inside

it,	they	believed,	were	still	many	remnants	of	an	ancient	off-world	race.

Darren	 walked	 with	 a	 scintillometer	 that	 detected	 electromagnetic	 and

radiological	disturbances	in	the	ground.	As	he	walked	around,	he	was	getting	some

strange	readings	but	nothing	that	would	tip	the	scales	and	cause	him	to	freak	out.

Suddenly	 Anna	 spoke	 up	 and	 he	 looked	 back	 at	 her.	 She	 was	 pointing	 to	 an	 area that	he	hadn’t	walked	over	to,	yet.

“You	want	me	to	head	over	there,”	Darren	confirmed.	She	nodded	as	she	stood

up	 and	 walked	 over	 to	 join	 him.	 It	 wasn’t	 long	 before	 they	 were	 getting	 some incredible	readings.	After	walking	the	scintillometer	over	the	area	a	few	times,	they

soon	 determined	 that	 they	 needed	 to	 start	 an	 excavation	 so	 Darren	 called	 in	 for support.

The	black	Chinook	carrying	Darren’s	security	detail	showed	up	after	dark.	They

secured	 the	 perimeter,	 offloaded	 a	 bobcat	 with	 a	 digger	 attachment,	 and	 began working	immediately	in	the	dark	using	night-vision	goggles.

It	 took	 them	 two	 hours	 of	 excavating	 before	 they	 found	 the	 entrance	 into	 the infrastructure	that	lay	underground.	It	would	lead	them	to	what	had	once	been	an

enormous	tower	that	had	risen	to	heights	that	were	out	of	character	for	the	era.	As

they	walked	through	the	chamber,	they	realized	that	no	one	had	been	in	there	for

thousands	 of	 years	 and	 that	 this	 place	 may	 house	 more	 than	 one	 object	 that	 was worth	taking	back	to	the	United	States	to	be	examined	by	Orange.

Anna	led	the	way	and	was	pulled	forward	through	the	chamber	by	her	uncanny

extra	ability	to	sense	a	target.

There	were,	indeed,	many	artifacts	in	the	chamber,	which	Darren	nodded	to	as the	archaeologists	followed	in	behind	them.	They	began	working	with	his	security

team,	while	Anna	and	Darren	continued	through	the	corridors	arriving	at	a	wall.

“You	want	me	to	blow	it	open?”	Darren	asked.

Anna	 nodded	 in	 agreement,	 so	 he	 went	 back	 to	 the	 helicopter	 and	 retrieved

several	charges	of	C4	explosive.	When	he	went	back	to	the	subterranean	corridors,

he	was	met	with	a	beehive	of	activity,	as	the	archaeologists	were	working	to	box	up

items,	preparing	them	to	be	shipped	out	of	Iraq	immediately.	Others	were	taking

photographs	and	were	busy	setting	up	lights	and	electric	generators.

Darren	went	past	them	all	and	found	Anna	waiting	for	him	as	she	was	scanning

the	walls	and	ceilings	of	the	tunnels.	Darren	set	the	charges	and	blew	the	wall	after

making	sure	that	they	were	clear	of	any	danger.	After	the	dust	settled,	Darren	went

back	to	the	gaping	hole	and	cleared	the	area.	Having	done	so,	he	was	astonished	by

what	he	saw	emerging	from	the	dust.

What	he	found	would	ultimately	change	his	understanding	of	mankind’s	ancient

history.

Inside	 the	 chamber	 were	 several	 metallic	 robots	 that	 had	 the	 shape	 of	 a	 bald humanoid;	the	metal	looked	like	it	had	been	cast	from	a	blue	chrome	or	stainless

steel.	There	were	no	links	attaching	the	various	pieces	of	metal.	These	robots	were

smooth	 over	 their	 entire	 surface	 as	 if	 moulded.	 Yet,	 the	 limbs	 looked	 flexible	 as could	be.

“Did	Nimrod	have	this	kind	of	technology,	Anna?	Holy	shit!”

“Your	eyes	aren’t	lying,”	she	said.

Darren	 looked	 around	 and	 saw	 all	 kinds	 of	 records	 and	 charts	 rolled	 up	 and stored	away	on	many	shelves	that	were	carved	into	the	stone	walls.	“What	have	we

just	found	in	here?”	he	asked.

As	 Anna	 looked	 around	 she	 too	 was	 amazed.	 “This	 is	 some	 kind	 of	 ancient

library.	We	don’t	have	enough	room	in	the	Chinook	to	take	it	all	with	us	in	one

trip	though.”

Darren	looked	back	at	the	robots	and	wondered	what	their	purpose	was.

“Don’t	touch	them	whatever	you	do.	They	might	turn	on	as	soon	as	you	touch them	and	vaporize	us	or	something,”	Darren	emphasized.

Anna	agreed.

This	was	a	major	discovery,	and	it	would	have	to	be	sealed	back	up	so	they	could

come	back	to	it	and	figure	out	what	was	in	all	those	scrolls.

“I	see	another	one	over	there	in	the	corner.	There’s	three	of	them,”	she	noted	as

she	directed	her	flashlight	beam.

After	the	area	was	cleaned	up	on	the	surface,	Darren	introduced	himself	to	the

senior	pilot	of	the	Chinook,	who	was	standing	watch	outside	of	the	helicopter	while

a	 limited	 number	 of	 things	 were	 brought	 on	 board	 from	 the	 library	 being

catalogued	below.	The	loading	process	took	less	than	ten	minutes.	The	pilot	said	he

had	 to	 go	 so	 Darren	 shook	 his	 hand	 and	 watched	 as	 he	 climbed	 back	 inside	 the cockpit	of	the	chopper.

Darren	 and	 Anna	 were	 put	 on	 board	 and	 quickly	 noticed	 the	 dead	 ET	 bodies

that	 were	 being	 guarded	 by	 his	 friend	 Phil,	 who	 was	 second	 in	 command	 of	 the security	detail	assigned	to	assist	them.	A	few	minutes	later,	the	rest	of	the	security team	hustled	up	into	the	Chinook	and	slammed	the	door	shut	behind	them.

As	 the	 chopper	 rose	 above	 1000	 feet	 Darren	 heard	 the	 pilot	 speaking	 rather loudly	 over	 the	 headphones.	 As	 he	 looked	 out	 the	 window	 all	 he	 could	 see	 was	 a desert	 with	 not	 a	 person,	 and	 not	 even	 a	 roaming	 animal	 in	 sight.	 He	 listened	 to what	was	being	said	through	the	headphones	and	then	snapped	his	fingers	to	get	his

handler’s	attention.	He	signalled	for	Anna	to	listen	to	the	communication	headset

that	 she	 had	 wrapped	 around	 the	 base	 of	 her	 neck.	 After	 putting	 them	 on	 and listening	 to	 what	 was	 being	 said,	 she	 was	 soon	 amazed	 to	 learn	 that	 the	 pilot	 was reporting	that	something	was	following	them	and	that	it	appeared	to	be	a	UFO.

The	 team	 in	 the	 back	 of	 the	 Chinook	 were	 tossed	 around	 like	 rag	 dolls	 as	 the chopper	tried	to	evade	the	discoid	craft.	Darren	looked	out	one	of	the	smaller	side

windows	and	could	see	a	vessel	only	100	to	200	meters	behind	them	and	it	seemed

to	be	flying	aggressively	back	and	forth.	Anna	wasn’t	sure	what	was	going	on,	but

then	 as	 Darren	 looked	 down	 at	 the	 ET	 bodies,	 he	 suddenly	 had	 a	 realization	 and

announced	it	to	Phil.

“There’s	a	UFO	out	there	that’s	following	us	and	it	wants	their	dead	given	back

to	them.	If	we’re	not	going	to	give	them	back,	we	need	to	call	in	for	some	assistance

I	reckon,”	he	said	as	he	turned	his	head	and	looked	at	Anna.

She	agreed	and	went	on	the	intercom	to	speak	to	the	pilot.

“Call	for	support	right	now!”	she	shouted.

The	pilot	nodded	his	head	and	started	calling	in	request	codes	for	assistance.

It	 took	 ten	 more	 minutes	 of	 flight	 before	 several	 black	 jet	 fighters	 showed	 up.

They	 approached	 the	 craft	 by	 coming	 in	 from	 behind	 and	 maintained	 a	 presence that	 the	 saucer	 couldn’t	 ignore.	It	then	stopped	its	pursuit	and	 was	 escorted	 away from	 the	 helicopter	 by	 the	 jets	 who	 tagged	 the	 craft	 on	 each	 side.	 As	 it	 started	 to retreat,	 in	 revenge,	 the	 UFO	 shocked	 the	 Chinook’s	 electrical	 systems.	 The

communications	 went	 instantly	 dead,	 losing	 engine	 power	 for	 a	 very	 scary	 fifteen seconds	before	the	engines	kicked	up	again.	By	that	time,	the	Chinook	was	losing

altitude	 and	 starting	 to	 descend	 to	 the	 earth	 rapidly.	 Everyone	 braced	 for	 impact, grasping	the	“holy	shit	bars”	beside	their	seats.

Thanks	 to	 a	 great	 deal	 of	 luck	 and	 skill	 on	 the	 pilot’s	 part,	 they	 were	 able	 to stabilize	the	helicopter	and	continue	back	to	the	CIA	helicopter	landing	vessel	that

was	floating	out	at	sea.	It	took	them	several	hours	to	get	there,	and	their	fuel	supply was	quite	low.	They	were	approaching	the	vessel	at	night,	tracing	in	their	landing

with	night	vision,	ensuring	they	wouldn’t	be	tossed	around	in	the	hard	winds	that

were	stirring	up	rough	ocean	waves	below.	It	was	a	moderately	large	ship,	with	four

pads	for	helicopters	to	land.	Luckily	for	them,	there	were	no	other	aircraft	on	the

landing	deck	as	they	made	their	final	approach.

After	landing	successfully,	Darren	thanked	the	pilot	for	his	ace	flying.	He	then

gave	 the	 order	 to	 Phil	 to	 unload	 the	 two	 dead	 ET	 beings	 and	 the	 parts	 of	 the crashed	spacecraft.	Anna	then	took	several	scrolls	carefully	into	her	possession	and

walked	down	the	ramp,	which	had	been	lowered	by	the	load	master.

Anna	found	an	empty	briefing	room	to	study	what	she	had	brought	back	from

Iraq.	 Since	the	war	had	stopped,	 numerous	 artifacts	 had	been	brought	to	 the	 US,

allowing	them	to	learn	more	about	the	ET	races	that	once	lived	in	the	region.

She	wondered	about	the	robots	that	had	been	in	the	library	she	had	discovered

underground;	why	did	they	call	out	to	her?

They’d	 left	 them	 behind	 out	 of	 fear	 of	 them	 being	 activated	 and	 killing	 every human	within	ten	miles	of	the	Chinook.	She	wondered	if	they	could	recover	them

somehow	without	devastating	consequences.

The	 following	 days	 were	 filled	 with	 stormy	 weather	 as	 Anna	 studied	 the

documents	on	the	CIA	vessel.	Thunder	and	lightning	filled	the	skies.	Rain	crashed

down	in	heavy	grey	sheets.	Then,	the	bad	news	came	when	the	commander	of	the

vessel	 announced	 that	 Iranian	 navy	 ships	 were	 in	 pursuit	 and	 it	 looked	 like	 they wanted	a	fight.

The	CIA	vessel	was	headed	by	a	CIA	Navy	commander	named	Jessie	Alderson.

His	 original	 plan	 had	 been	 to	 make	 a	 tactical	 retreat,	 but	 the	 longer	 the	 Iranian ships	 pursued	 him,	 the	 more	 furious	 he	 became.	 He	 didn’t	 like	 the	 idea	 of	 a strategic	withdrawal,	but	he	also	didn’t	want	to	attract	attention.

The	Iranians	were	trying	to	enforce	security	along	their	borders.	Even	when	he

broke	 radio	 silence	 and	 spoke	 to	 them,	 explaining	 they’d	 had	 a	 breakdown,	 they didn’t	respond.	Alderson’s	executive	officer	spoke	up	when	the	Iranians	broke	their

perimeter	of	safety.

“Sir!	The	Iranian	ship	is	within	missile	firing	range,	sir!”

Before	Commander	Alderson	could	react,	a	red	warning	light	came	on	inside	the

bridge.	 An	 officer	 monitoring	 radar	 announced	 something	 that	 stopped	 everyone from	thinking	logically	for	that	split	second.

“Sir,	they’re	launching	their	missiles.”

“Mother	 of	 God!	 Lock-on.	 Activate	 all	 countermeasures.	 Shoot	 them	 down!”

ordered	Alderson.

The	executive	officer	repeated	the	order.

“Fire	countermeasures	for	incoming	missiles!”

Several	 others	 screamed	 out	 the	 order	 until	 the	 machine	 guns	 on	 deck	 began pumping	out	tens	of	thousands	of	rounds	into	the	sky.

Darren	 was	 in	 his	 quarters	 with	 the	 security	 team.	 The	 alarm	 warning	 of	 an inbound	missile	was	blaring	in	the	corridor.

“Holy	shit!”	Phil	said	out	loud	as	he	looked	at	the	red	light	that	was	flashing	in

the	 hallways.	 Suddenly,	 everyone	 had	 to	 secure	 their	 hatches	 and	 make	 sure	 all rooms	were	air	tight	and	secure.

Up	 on	 the	 bridge,	 the	 commander	 only	 had	 seconds	 before	 incoming	 missiles

would	 hit	 his	 ship.	 He	 could	 see	 through	 one	 of	 the	 windows	 on	 the	 bridge	 that Agent	Carpenter’s	helicopter,	still	on	the	top	deck,	was	at	risk	of	being	destroyed.

The	 commander	 and	 the	 executive	 officer	 watched	 as	 the	 machine	 guns	 started shooting	 up	 streams	 of	 lead	 into	 the	 sky	 after	 their	 automatic	 response	 was activated.	Soon,	the	tracer	rounds	illuminated	the	sky	in	a	massive	volume.

“It	 looked	 like	 a	 red	 light	 sabre	 being	 activated	 by	 a	 Jedi	 knight,”	 said	 the executive	officer.	The	commander	agreed	as	they	watched	the	sky	in	front	of	them.

They	could	see	the	exhaust	trail	from	the	incoming	missiles.

“Prepare	for	impact!”	yelled	the	commander	as	he	watched	one	of	the	incoming

missiles	explode	after	being	hit	with	machine	gun	fire.

One	of	the	missiles	had	managed	to	get	through	their	defensive	barrage	though.

Brrrrrrrr. 	The	sounds	of	the	gunfire	shocked	everyone	on	board,	but	what	came next	was	an	enormous	compression	wave	as	the	second	missile	blew	up	over	the	top

of	the	ship.	It	detonated	above	them	but	without	an	explosive	warhead.

Instead,	all	electronic	equipment	on	the	vessel	suddenly	went	offline.	They	were

dead	 in	 the	 water.	 All	 the	 lights	 went	 off,	 and	 battery	 power	 appeared	 to	 not	 be working	either.	Commander	Alderson	realized	he’d	just	been	hit	by	an	EMP.

“We’re	in	deep	shit,	people.	We’re	going	to	have	to	reach	out	for	assistance.	Try

to	hail	someone	Corporal	Williams,”	the	commander	ordered.

Corporal	 Williams	 was	 sitting	 directly	 in	 front	 of	 his	 radio	 when	 he	 heard	 the commanding	officer	bark	his	orders.

“Right	away,	sir,”	he	responded.	Several	moments	later	,	after	several	attempts	at

external	radio	comms,	Williams	realized	that	no	messages	could	be	sent	or	received.

“Sir,	we	don’t	have	comms.	They’ve	fried	our	systems.”

In	the	platoon	room	that	they’d	been	rushed	to,	Darren	realized	what	had	just happened,	 and	 it	 made	 him	 think	 quick	 about	 being	 responsible	 for	 his	 mission, which	was	to	keep	artifacts	and	people	safe,	and	that	made	him	rise	to	action.

“The	ship’s	dead,	folks.	That	was	an	EMP!	We’ve	got	to	get	to	the	chopper!”	he

ordered.

Mathews	 quickly	 got	 his	 security	 team	 to	 go	 back	 to	 the	 Chinook.	 They	 got through	several	locked	hatches	and	then	hastily	boarded	their	bird.	When	they	got

inside	it,	they	took	out	their	heavy	weapons	that	they	had	stored	on	board	in	case	of

problems	 with	 artillery	 or	 tanks,	 never	 expecting	 they’d	 need	 them	 to	 shoot	 at	 an Iranian	warship.

No	doubt,	the	Iranians	figured	that	they	would	take	the	ship	hostage,	but	as	they

approached	 to	 collect	 their	 prize,	 Darren’s	 men	 started	 firing	 their	 84mm	 Carl Gustav.	 They	 had	 six	 rounds	 available	 and	 used	 every	 one.	 Each	 one	 that	 hit	 the Iranians’	boat	was	an	anti-tank	round,	so	they	were	able	to	inflict	serious	damage	to

the	hull	of	the	ship.

The	Iranian	vessel,	which	was	only	half	a	mile	away,	was	closing	in	fast.	That	was

until	 the	 rounds	 from	 the	 Carl	 Gustav	 hit	 its	 magazine.	 It	 blew	 up	 like	 a	 bad fireworks	explosion,	killing	all	hands	and	cracking	the	seventy-five-foot	ship	in	half.

Darren’s	 team	 felt	 relieved,	but	they	 knew	 that	 in	 a	short	 amount	of	 time,	the Iranian	Air	force	would	be	there	to	take	them	out.	On	the	ship,	they	weren’t	able	to

get	the	engines	online,	though	Commander	Alderson	was	doing	all	that	he	could	to

make	it	so.

The	live	exchange	between	the	two	vessels	and	the	Chinook	caught	the	attention

of	 the	 US	 Navy	 aircraft	 carrier	 that	 was	 patrolling	 the	 Persian	 gulf	 nearby.	 The commander	of	 the	 aircraft	 carrier,	 Commander	 Steele,	 dispatched	 two	 fighters	 to investigate	 who	 owned	 the	 mysterious	 helicopter	 landing	 ship.	 After	 the	 fighters circled	 over	 the	 scene,	 they	 reported	 back	 to	 the	 US	 Navy	 carrier	 that	 an unidentified	vessel	had	completely	destroyed	an	Iranian	navy	war	ship.	They	had	no

idea	who	owned	it.	No	markings	anywhere—completely	black.

Knowing	the	potential	for	bad	press	for	the	US,	the	fighters	were	told	to	patrol

the	 area	while	 the	 Navy	 commander	dispatched	a	 call	to	a	 US	Navy	frigate	 a	few hundred	miles	away	from	where	the	incident	was	unravelling.

Up	in	the	air,	one	of	the	US	fighter	pilots	passed	his	co-pilot	the	coordinates	of

enemy	 planes	 inbound	 approximately	 sixty	 miles	 northwest,	 travelling	 at	 Mach	 3.

They	 would	 be	 closing	 within	 missile	 range	 in	 T	 -40s.	 The	 pilots	 of	 the	 US	 jet called	 back	 to	 the	 Navy	carrier,	 reporting	 that	 Iranian	 MiGs	 were	 in-bound.	 The pilots	requested	permission	to	engage	if	threatened.

From	 that	 moment	 on	 things	 went	 asunder	 for	 the	 CIA	 ghost	 vessel.

Commander	Alderson	was	still	unable	to	get	his	ship	operational	and	was	worried

that	he	would	lose	it.

“We’re	just	sitting	ducks	out	here.	We	need	to	get	moving.	Find	some	batteries

that	didn’t	get	fried—now!”	Commander	Alderson	ordered.

Executive	Officer	Smith	left	the	bridge	in	search	of	his	orders.	If	he	could	find

some	 batteries	 that	 hadn’t	 been	 damaged,	 then	 they	 could	 get	 the	 ship’s	 electric generator	online.

Meanwhile,	when	 Commander	Steele	 on	 the	 US	 aircraft	 carrier	 heard	 that	 his

pilots	were	under	attack,	he	ordered	the	launch	of	more	planes	to	assist	in	what	was

quickly	becoming	an	international	incident.	Darren	watched	the	activities	in	the	sky

above	him	in	awe,	witnessing	both	an	American	and	an	Iranian	plane	explode.

Seeing	 events	 escalating,	 Darren	 decided	 right	 then	 that	they	 needed	 to	get	 off the	 ship,	 in	 any	 way	 possible	 since	 they	 had	 poached	 artifacts	 with	 them	 of	 high value.	He	had	to	get	his	handler,	Anna,	and	the	dead	ETs	off	the	ship	asap,	so	he

banged	 his	 fist	 on	 the	 hatch	 door	 closest	 to	 where	 he	 was	 compartmentalized.

Shoving	aside	the	sailor,	who	opened	the	hatch,	he	set	out	to	retrieve	the	pilots	of

the	Chinook,	which	was	barely	holding	to	its	straps	on	the	deck.

Darren	didn’t	 have	 to	ask	 twice	once	 he	 found	them.	 Collectively,	they	 agreed

they	 were	better	off	 getting	 away	 on	 the	Chinook	 than	 risking	 losing	 what	they’d recovered	if	the	CIA	ship	was	sunk,	since	it	was	now	floating	around	on	the	open

sea—completely	dark	and	defenceless.

After	 summoning	 the	 pilots	 to	 duty,	 Darren	 quickly	 made	 his	 way	 to	 Anna’s

location	in	the	hold.	He	ran	up	to	the	bridge,	dragging	Anna	in	tow,	shouting	to Commander	Alderson	that	they	were	leaving	at	once.

The	 commander	 implored	 that	 if	 their	 helicopter	 actually	 worked,	 then	 they

were	to	send	out	a	distress	call	so	the	ship	could	be	rescued	by	HQ.

Darren	 hadn’t	 thought	 about	 the	 Chinook	 and	 its	 electronics.	 It	 had	 been

exposed	 to	 the	 EMP	 too,	 making	 it	 questionable	 to	 power	 up,	 even	 with	 EMP

shielding.

When	 his	 pilots	 told	 him	 the	 Chinook	 was	 a	 no-go,	 Darren	 paced	 the	 deck,

feeling	helpless.	They	had	one-of-a-kind	ancient	artifacts	and	ET	DNA,	and	it	was

looking	more	and	more	like	it	was	all	going	to	end	up	in	the	sea	if	they	couldn’t	get

off	the	ship	fast.

“Shit!	 Shit!”	 Anna	 shouted	 at	 the	 top	 of	 her	 lungs	 when	 the	 captain	 of	 the Chinook	told	her	that	the	chopper	wasn’t	going	anywhere.

A	 few	 seconds	 later,	 they	 witnessed	 a	 second	 Iranian	 Fighter	 blasted	 to	 pieces three	 thousand	 feet	 above	 the	 sea.	 Darren	 could	 see	 streams	 in	 the	 sky	 where numerous	 air-to-air	 missiles	 had	 been	 fired	 as	 the	 dogfight	 thundered	 on	 above them.

Back	 on	 the	Navy	 aircraft	 carrier,	 Commander	Steele	was	ordering	a	US	Navy

frigate	that	was	the	closest	ship	to	Commander	Alderson’s	location	to	hurry	the	hell

up	 and	 get	 to	 the	 ship	 in	 distress	 because	 a	 shit	 storm	 was	 going	 down	 without them.	 When	 it	 appeared	 in	 the	 distance,	 the	 commanding	 officer	 of	 the	 frigate called	for	identification	to	find	out	who	was	in	command	of	the	ship	that	had	lost

all	power.	Dead	silence.

The	US	navy	warships	were	now	talking	to	one	another,	wondering	what	in	the

hell	was	going	on,	and	the	entire	fleet	was	put	on	red	alert	as	they	prepared	for	an

Iranian	onslaught.	Several	more	planes	were	launched	from	the	aircraft	carrier,	and

several	Blackhawk	helicopters	were	launched	from	the	US	Navy	frigate	that	was	still

a	few	hours	away,	but	the	helicopters	could	be	there	in	as	little	as	forty	minutes.

Commander	Alderson	wasn’t	liking	his	odds	of	coming	out	of	this	with	his	ship.

There	 was	 still	 no	 answer	 from	 his	 executive	 officer,	 and	 he	 had	 no	 outside

communication	 with	 anyone.	 The	 option	 he	 now	 had	 to	 consider	 was	 giving	 the order	to	scuttle	his	vessel	and	order	his	people	to	abandon	ship.

Suddenly,	Darren’s	second	in	command	came	onto	the	bridge	and	requested	to

speak	to	the	commander.	“What	do	you	have	to	tell	me?”	The	commander	asked.

Phil	 smiled	 and	 told	 him	 they	 found	 a	 working	 battery	 for	 their	 helicopter	 and managed	to	get	the	radio	inside	it	working.	The	first	messages	were	already	being

sent	out	by	Darren,	and	he	had	sent	him	to	ask	the	commander	what	else	he	wanted

him	to	say.

The	commander	breathed	in	a	deep	breath	of	air	and	let	it	out	again.	“Call	for

assistance.	We’re	dead	in	the	water	due	to	an	EMP.	Request	helicopter	transfer	of

priority-one	cargo	plus	your	team.	I	want	you	off	the	boat	in	case	we	get	blown	up

by	the	Iranians.	We	need	a	tow	out	of	here	and	sustained	air	support	until	further

notice,”	replied	Alderson.

Phil	nodded	and	left	the	bridge.	“Right	away,	sir.”

Five	 minutes	 later,	 Phil	 was	 back	 at	 the	 Chinook.	 When	 he	 got	 inside,	 Agent Carpenter	 was	 talking	 over	 her	 headset	 sending	 out	 messages	 and	 requesting

immediate	evacuation	of	their	priority-1	cargo.	She	stopped	her	transmission	when

she	saw	Darren’s	second	in	command	walk	up	the	ramp	that	had	been	lowered.

Darren	looked	at	him	too.	“What	did	he	tell	you,	mate?”

Phil	looked	at	Darren	and	then	over	to	Anna.	“He	wants	us	off	the	boat	in	case

it	sinks.	I	think	he’s	 considering	scuttling	the	boat.	 But	he	asked	 for	us	to	send	a message	for	a	tow	and	sustained	fire	support.	He	wanted	you	to	tell	whoever	you’re

in	contact	with	that	we’ve	been	hit	by	an	Iranian	EMP	missile.”

Anna	looked	at	Phil	and	nodded	her	head.	“Okay.	Blackhawks	are	inbound	and

will	be	here	in	thirty	minutes.	Fighters	will	be	here	in	fifteen,	but	they’re	warning	us that	Iranian	ships	are	moving	down	their	coast	and	heading	out	to	sea	to	confront

us.	 Darren,	 you	 might	 need	 to	 find	 some	 more	 ammo.	 Go	 down	 to	 the	 armoury and	see	if	you	can	bring	up	a	dozen	rounds	for	your	Carl	Gustav.	Maybe	bring	up

an	 additional	 unit	 if	 you	 can	 find	 one.	 This	 might	 get	 ugly	 before	 it	 gets	 any better,”	she	replied.

Darren	 and	 the	 security	 team	 left	 the	 Chinook	 and	 went	 back	 inside	 the	 ship.

They	found	their	way	to	the	armoury	and	got	everything	they	could	carry,	and	they

took	it	back	up	to	the	top	deck	and	got	themselves	ready	for	a	firefight.

Luckily	for	them,	the	Iranian	ships	didn’t	get	there	before	the	three	Blackhawks

showed	up.	Two	landed	while	one	gave	them	cover.	Off	in	the	distance,	they	could

see	US	fighters	firing	rockets	at	other	planes	and	another	firefight	began.

After	the	Blackhawks	had	taken	off,	they	headed	for	a	new	destination	in	Saudi

Arabia	where	they	could	store	their	cargo	at	a	CIA	secret	base.	The	next	morning,

they	 were	 on	 their	 way	 in	 a	 C130	 to	 Diego	 Garcia,	 a	 small	 island	 in	 the	 Pacific Ocean	where	there	just	happened	to	be	a	massive	American	base.

Upon	arrival	at	Diego	Garcia,	the	plane	landed	and	was	allowed	into	a	hangar.

They	offloaded	the	ET	bodies	and	kept	them	in	a	secure	area	behind	cordoned-off

partition	 fencing.	 Only	 authorized	 personnel	 were	 allowed	 to	 walk	 through	 the maze	of	fencing,	which	was	guarded	by	military	police.

Hours	later,	Darren	and	Anna	showed	up	at	the	hangar	again.	They	were	met	by

an	intelligence	officer	on	the	base,	and	Anna	then	asked	for	him	to	move	everyone

underground.	The	cement	floor	suddenly	began	a	descent	as	it	was	lowered	into	an

underground	facility	of	great	magnitude.

It	 connected	 to	 a	 base	 filled	 with	 scientists	 and	 security	 personnel.	 One	 of	 the guards	 directed	 them	 toward	 the	 correct	 hallway.	 The	 hidden	 lab	 was	 full	 of amazing	inventions,	from	gravitational	platforms	that	moved	cargo	without	wheels,

to	lighting	that	seemed	to	come	from	nowhere	and	everywhere	all	at	the	same	time.

Inside	the	main	tunnel,	at	the	bottom	of	the	shaft,	they	saw	three	people—each

of	them	nearly	eight	feet	tall,	with	pale	blond	hair	and	even	paler	skin.	They	were

talking	to	a	small	group	of	special	forces	soldiers	that	were	wearing	odd	exoskeleton

body	armour	that	Darren	had	never	seen	before.

Anna	 spoke	 to	 him	 using	 telepathy.	 He	 was	 amazed	 that	 he’d	 heard	 her	 voice inside	his	head	and	looked	at	her	with	a	puzzled	look	on	his	face.	“Not	now,”	she

said.

Instead,	 he	 focused	 on	 the	 bodies	 of	 the	 dead	 galactic	 beings.	 Something

prodded	at	the	back	of	Darren’s	mind,	and	he	snapped	up	a	mental	shield.	It	had been	part	of	his	remote	viewing	training.	So	long	as	he	focused	on	it,	no	one	would

be	able	to	go	poking	around	inside	of	his	head.

Once	the	dead	ETs	were	delivered,	Darren	was	escorted	out	of	the	building	and

up	onto	the	surface.	He	was	allowed	to	stay	on	base	for	as	long	as	Anna	required.

After	that,	he	was	going	to	be	given	his	team’s	next	assignment.	So,	he	had	a	few

beers	that	night	with	his	mates	and	enjoyed	visiting	the	junior	ranks	where	he	could

unwind	a	bit.

The	 next	 day,	 though,	 Darren’s	 team	 spent	 hours	 cleaning	 their	 personal	 gear, going	to	the	mess	hall	for	chow,	and	hanging	around	the	barracks.	He	hadn’t	heard

anything	 from	 his	 boss	 yet,	 so	 he	 busied	 himself	 with	 menial	 tasks.	 Eventually, Mathews	got	tired	and	called	it	an	early	night.

Just	 after	 3	 a.m.,	 Darren	 was	 broken	 out	 of	 a	 peaceful	 slumber	 by	 the

unmistakable	 sound	 of	 explosions	 going	 off	 outside	 of	 his	 building.	 It	 was	 one	 of the	 barracks	 next	 to	 his!	 A	 great	 commotion	 took	 over	 the	 area,	 with	 people shouting	 for	 people	 to	 wake	 up	 and	 exit	 the	 building.	 It	 got	 his	 attention	 and Darren	threw	himself	outside	in	his	shorts	and	a	T-shirt	and	his	combat	boots.	It

wasn’t	hard	to	realize	that	people	were	trapped	in	the	destroyed	buildings	next	door.

Suddenly,	 a	 second	 explosion	 went	 off.	 It	 made	 the	 earth	 tremble	 and	 the

concussion	blast	knocked	several	people	off	of	their	feet	including	Darren.	When	he

recovered,	 he	 joined	 the	 soldiers	 who	 were	 gathering	 from	 outside	 all	 of	 the buildings.	Some	went	back	into	their	barracks	and	emerged	with	fire	extinguishers

and	 wool	 blankets	 soaked	 in	 water.	 They	 used	 them	 to	 try	 and	 put	 the	 flames	 of those	 who	 were	 on	 fire.	 Others	 tried	 to	 quell	 the	 flames	 all	 around	 the	 barracks.

Darren	saw	Phil	run	off	to	alert	the	base	fire	department	and	get	them	to	respond

right	away.

Then,	 Darren	 saw	 somebody	 trying	 to	 get	 out	 of	 the	 main	 door	 to	 one	 of	 the burning	buildings	and	went	over	to	help	him.	When	he	got	closer	he	asked,	“What

happened?”

The	man	looked	at	Darren	and	shrugged	his	shoulders,	“No	clue!	I	was	sleeping,

and	then	suddenly	the	whole	place	was	on	fire!”

They	hadn’t	even	managed	to	put	the	fires	of	the	first	barracks	out	before	white

phosphorus	grenades	started	going	off	inside	one	of	the	buildings.	Darren	helped	a

confused	soldier	get	out	onto	the	road	away	from	the	burning	building.	He	seemed

to	 be	 somewhat	 intoxicated	 and	 wasn’t	 thinking	 through	 things	 too	 well	 on	 his own.	 He	 stayed	 with	 him	 and	 calmed	 him	 down	 while	 he	 watched	 the	 flames

increase	with	intensity.	The	heat	was	starting	to	get	intense	if	you	got	too	close	to

the	 burning	 buildings	 in	 some	 areas.	 Off	 in	 the	 distance,	 some	 vehicles	 were approaching	rather	quickly.

One	 of	 the	 duty	 officers	 showed	 up	 and	 took	 one	 look	 at	 the	 fires,	 which	 was now	a	raging	inferno,	and	began	shouting	at	any	person	that	he	saw	attempting	to

go	back	into	either	of	the	burning	structures.	“Get	back!	Don’t	go	near	the	fires!”

Five	 minutes	 later,	 the	 squeal	 of	 the	 fire	 engines	 coming	 towards	 them	 cut through	 the	 air.	 Another	 explosion	 went	 off	 in	 the	 back	 of	 one	 of	 the	 burning barracks.	Flames	started	jumping	into	Darren’s	view,	which	caught	his	attention	as

he	looked	for	some	of	his	team	to	help	keep	their	building	safe.	Darren	hurried	to

help	others	who	were	climbing	out	of	windows	between	two	of	the	barracks,	only	to

stumble	 over	 the	 remains	 of	 a	 soldier	 that	 was	 dead.	 The	 poor	 bloke	 had	 been blown	up	by	the	explosion	and	launched	out	a	window	by	the	looks	of	his	cut-up

body.

They	suffered	losses	that	night	that	no	one	had	planned	for.

It	 took	 several	 hours	 before	 the	 fires	 were	 contained.	 Then,	 people	 started walking	 through	 the	 buildings	 looking	 for	 bodies.	 Darren	 went	 back	 to	 where	 he had	 found	 the	 man	 blown	 to	 bits,	 knowing	 that	 most	 of	 the	 other	 people	 there wouldn’t	know	where	to	look.	It	wasn’t	long	before	he	saw	the	soldier’s	remains.	He

picked	up	a	leg	first	and	then	an	arm.	They	were	stacking	the	bodies	near	the	gate,

so	they	could	be	collected	and	properly	disposed	of	later.

“Say,	mate,	come	give	me	a	hand	with	this	one,	won’t	you?”	Darren	said	to	Phil

who	 had	 returned	 from	 his	 quest	 to	 get	 more	 help	 on	 the	 scene.	 He	 led	 the	 way back	 to	 the	 split	 between	 barracks.	 They	 worked	 together	 to	 pick	 up	 the	 bulky

corpse.	Hot	blood	seeped	onto	the	front	of	Darren’s	shirt,	and	his	hands	slipped	on the	wet	fabric	of	the	deceased	man.

They	added	the	lifeless	body	to	the	pile.	A	member	of	the	fire	department	was

working	a	hose	and	asked	Darren	to	go	and	look	in	an	area	that	he	couldn’t	get	to

yet	because	he	was	still	putting	out	spot	fires.	He	looked	at	Darren	and	confirmed

what	he	needed	him	to	do.	“Go	make	sure	no	one	else	is	back	in	that	area	of	the

building,	would	you?”

Darren	gave	a	nod	and	returned	to	the	rear	of	the	burnt	building	that	was	closest

to	where	he	had	been	staying.	He	walked	through	what	was	once	the	rear	wall	and

couldn’t	 see	 anything,	 so	 he	 walked	 into	 what	 had	 been	 somebody’s	 room,	 but	 it had	 been	 burnt	 up	 pretty	 bad.	 There	 was	 some	 stuff	 under	 a	 bed,	 so	 he	 kneeled down	and	had	a	look	underneath	it	to	see	if	there	were	any	bodies.	There	were	none

that	 Darren	 could	 see,	 so	 he	 left	 the	 place	 and	 walked	 by	 the	 windows	 to	 see	 if bodies	 were	 just	 beyond	 them.	 As	 he	 walked	 up	 to	 the	 first	 window,	 something caught	his	eye.	It	was	a	metallic	object,	and	as	he	kneeled	down	beside	it,	he	saw

that	 it	 was	 a	 pocket	 watch.	 It	 didn’t	 look	 very	 expensive,	 but	 the	 design	 on	 the facing	was	neat	enough.	It	seemed	like	a	shame	to	just	leave	it	there	to	be	crushed

under	 someone’s	 boot	 later	 or	 put	 in	 a	 dumpster	 and	 hauled	 out	 to	 sea	 where	 it would	be	disposed	of	with	all	the	other	burnt-up	debris.

Darren	 tucked	 it	 in	 his	 pocket	 and	 carried	 on.	 There	 was	 a	 lot	 of	 work	 to	 be done,	 and	 it	 wasn’t	 anything	 that	 had	 been	 planned	 for.	 He	 wondered	 what	 had caused	the	explosion.	Had	it	been	a	test	gone	wrong?	Sabotage?	Suicide?	He	knew

better	 than	 to	 try	 and	 ask	 any	 questions	 but—well,	 Mathews	 had	 always	 been	 a curious	sort.	He	might	try	and	snoop	around	later.	Maybe	Anna	would	know	more

about	it	when	he	got	to	see	her	again.

For	now,	all	he	could	do	was	try	to	keep	his	head	down	and	keep	his	team	ready

for	their	next	mission.	Eventually,	his	handler	would	turn	up	and	want	to	brief	him.

As	the	sun	set,	he	went	to	the	mess	hall	to	eat	something.	Everyone	was	talking

about	the	fire	and	wondering	what	the	cause	of	it	had	been.	He	was	thankful	that

his	 barracks	 had	 survived	 after	 all	 that.	 Sleeping	 in	 a	 bed	 for	 a	 second	 night	 was

something	he	was	looking	forward	to	after	he’d	finished	eating	his	evening	meal.

After	having	a	shower,	Mathews	changed	into	fresh	clothes	and	started	reading	a

book	called	 Chariots	of	the	Gods	by	Erik	Von	Daniken	as	he	sat	back	on	his	bed.	His mind	filled	with	stuff	and	got	him	thinking	until	he	drifted	off	to	sleep.

At	2	a.m.,	Darren	was	woken	up	by	a	commotion	outside	his	window.	He	was

hearing	men	making	comments	as	they	searched	the	rubble	for	something— Perhaps

a	cause	for	the	fire,	Darren	thought,	as	he	moved	out	of	bed	to	see	what	was	going on.	 He	 looked	over	at	Phil,	who	 was	still	asleep	 on	 his	cot	in	another	part	of	the room,	and	then	brought	his	attention	back	to	what	was	transpiring	outside	in	the

dark.	As	he	gazed	out	his	window,	he	saw	two	men	who	were	wearing	back	armour

like	 the	 men	 he’d	 seen	 underground.	 They	 were	 wearing	 exo-skeleton	 body	 suits that	 made	 them	 stand	 out,	 but	 no	 one	 else	 was	 watching	 what	 they	 were	 doing.

Maybe	they	sensed	that	they	were	being	watched.	Maybe	their	job	was	done.	Either

way,	they	vanished	with	a	soft	pop	right	in	front	of	Darren’s	eyes.	These	guys	had

teleportation	capabilities.	At	first,	Darren	thought	he	was	dreaming,	but	those	guys

were	now	gone.	The	level	of	technology	on	this	base	was	incredibly	impressive.

For	 a	 few	 seconds	 more,	 Darren	 looked	 outside	 through	 the	 glass,	 hoping

something	more	would	happen.	They	could	still	be	standing	there	under	a	cloaking

device	 for	 all	 he	 knew.	 Anything	 was	 possible.	 That	 made	 him	 question	 himself.

Had	he	been	hallucinating?

Darren	shook	his	head.	Of	course,	they’d	been	there.	He’d	 seen	them!	Now	he

could	see	that	Phil	was	sound	asleep	and	hadn’t	heard	anything,	so	he	went	back	to

his	own	bed	and	settled	back	in.	He	tossed	and	turned	for	the	next	hour	until	he

finally	fell	asleep.

The	next	day,	as	they	were	leaving,	Darren	talked	to	Phil	about	what	he’d	seen

the	previous	night.	He	told	Phil	about	the	soldiers	he’d	seen	in	black	armour	who

had	just	disappeared	into	nothing	right	in	front	of	his	eyes.”

Phil	answered,	“Haven’t	got	a	clue	what	you’re	talking	about.”

“You	know	about	them.	Don’t	play	dumb	with	me,	mate.	Just	come	off	and	tell

me,	so	we	can	both	get	on	with	things.”

Phil	didn’t	put	up	much	more	of	a	fight	before	relenting.	“We’re	not	supposed to	talk	about	what	we	see	or	participate	in	on	this	island.	Seeing	people	teleport	in

or	out	of	the	area	makes	you	question	things,	though,	doesn’t	it?	They’re	part	of	a

mercenary	 force	 called	 Kruger,	 which	 is	 kept	 underground	 in	 bases	 in	 Antarctica and	 near	 the	 site	 where	 Hitler’s	 heavy	 water	 system	 was	 stored	 in	 Norway.	 They don’t	exist,	and	they	do	the	dirty	wet	work	that	the	power	circles	need	to	get	done

in	order	to	maintain	power	and	control	over	the	earth.	That’s	what	I	learned	when	I

asked	somebody	about	them	the	last	time	we	brought	a	package	over	to	this	place,”

he	said.

Darren	let	out	a	big	sigh	and	stopped	talking.	It	was	like	there	were	no	ends	to

the	 secrets	 that	 the	 higher-ups	 were	 trying	 to	 keep.	 He	 needed	 to	 get	 dressed	 and find	something	to	eat.





Chapter	4

Diego	Garcia

Anna	 showed	 up	 on	 the	 base	 a	 few	 days	 later.	 When	 she	 saw	 Darren,	 she

asked	him	to	come	down	to	the	room,	where	she	sat	him	down	and	started	to	tell

him	why	she’d	been	away	for	so	long.	As	she	sat	down	in	front	of	him,	she	touched

his	 hand	 and	 smiled.	 Darren	 smiled	 back	 at	 her.	 He	 wanted	 to	 know	 what	 had happened,	though,	and	maintained	good	eye	contact.

“Where	have	you	been?”	Darren	asked.

She	 looked	 at	 him	 as	 she	 sat	 down.	 “We	 had	 an	 international	 incident	 that several	of	us	had	to	clean	up,	remember?	It	went	all	the	way	up	to	the	president,”

she	replied.

“Holy	shit!”	Darren	said	as	he	sat	back	in	his	chair	and	listened	to	what	she	had

to	say.

Anna	let	out	a	heavy	sigh,	then	looked	at	his	gorgeous	eyes.	“We	had	to	pay	the

Iranians	 off,	 but	 Bush	 saw	 that	 we	 had	 recovered	 some	 ancient	 scrolls	 that	 were incredible.	 They’re	 being	 deciphered	 now,	 but	 there	 were	 a	 lot	 of	 schematics	 in what	 we	 took	 out	 of	 Iraq.	 A	 lot	 of	 it	 was	 written	 in	 secret	 code,	 though,	 which means	 it’ll	 be	 a	 while	 before	 they	 figure	 them	 all	 out.	 They’re	 sending	 a	 recovery team	to	recover	the	robots	you	saw,”	Anna	told	him.

Darren’s	interest	grew	after	she’d	said	that.	“Is	my	team	being	sent	back	there?”

Anna	 shook	 her	 head.	 “No.	 There’s	 another	 assignment	 for	 you.	 You’re	 going

stateside.”

Darren	 looked	 down	 at	 the	 floor	 for	 a	 second	 as	 he	 remembered	 how	 scary

things	 had	 been	 on	 the	 vessel	 that	 had	 been	 hit	 by	 the	 EMP.	 “Did	 the	 ship	 get rescued?”	he	asked	curiously.

Anna	 nodded	 her	 head.	 “They	 towed	 it	 back	 to	 a	 safe	 place	 but	 not	 before	 a second	Iranian	ship	was	destroyed.	We	had	to	answer	for	the	US	Navy	pilot’s	death.

That	didn’t	go	down	so	well	and	took	some	time	to	clean	up,	but	war	is	a	business,

as	you	already	know.	If	we	go	in	to	take	other	people’s	ancient	history,	we’re	always going	 to	 need	 enforcement.	 And	 sometimes	 that	 enforcement	 of	 ours	 gets	 killed.

Let’s	change	subjects	and	talk	about	you	now,	okay?”	Anna	said.

Darren	 didn’t	 press	 her	 for	 more	 information.	 He	 could	 see	 that	 she	 was

mentally	exhausted	from	the	whole	ordeal.

After	being	shuttled	away	from	Diego	Garcia	that	very	day,	Darren	was	sent	to	a

temporary	holding	spot	in	Avondale,	Arizona.	At	this	point	in	his	career,	he	knew

better	 than	 to	 ask	 too	 many	 questions,	 so	 he	 went	 to	 the	 place	 he’d	 been	 told	 to find.

Either	way,	Darren	was	grateful	to	get	a	chance	to	go	to	the	United	States.	While

he	was	waiting	to	meet	his	contact,	he	decided	to	go	to	a	nightclub	to	see	a	band

play	 after	 he	 checked	 into	 his	 motel	 for	 the	 night.	 The	 music	 was	 good,	 and	 the beer	was	enjoyable	too.

When	he	went	back	to	his	motel,	it	was	dark	and	it	seemed	like	the	city	block

had	 changed	 from	 being	 a	 decent	 spot	 during	 the	 day	 to	 a	 more	 negative	 area	 at night.	 The	 vibe	 he	 got	 was	 that	 it	 didn’t	 seem	 like	 it	 was	 a	 very	 nice	 inn.	 For starters,	 there	 were	 three	 hookers	 standing	 on	 a	 corner	 just	 a	 block	 away	 from	 it, and	the	place	let	people	rent	there	for	a	month	at	a	time.	That	attracted	the	lowlifes, but	it	was	a	small	no-name	joint—the	kind	that	didn’t	ask	any	questions.	When	he

went	inside,	he	shut	the	door	and	took	his	shoes	off.	He	then	tossed	his	bag	onto

the	 bed	 and	 undid	 the	 main	 compartment.	 There	 were	 some	 fresh	 clothes	 inside that	he	would	slip	into	after	a	shower.

When	 he	 turned	 on	 the	 water,	 it	 stank	 of	 sulphur.	 It	 was	 better	 than	 the birdbath	he’d	taken	the	last	few	days,	though,	so	he	supposed	that	complaining	too

much	wouldn’t	get	him	anywhere.

Having	dried	off,	Darren	set	about	rooting	through	his	stuff,	looking	for	a	clean

shirt	 and	 underwear.	 He	 happened	 to	 find	 the	 pocket	 watch	 that	 he’d	 discovered next	to	the	burnt-out	barracks	building	back	on	the	Diego	Garcia	base.	He	took	a

closer	look	at	it	and	sat	down	beside	the	table	so	he	could	fidget	with	it.	“Huh.	I’d

forgotten	all	about	you.”

Darren	held	the	watch	up	to	the	light,	trying	to	get	a	better	look	at	it.	Outside	in the	 parking	 lot,	 someone’s	 car	 alarm	 went	 off.	 The	 sudden	 blaring	 made	 Darren jump.	The	watch	slipped	out	of	his	grip	and	fell	to	the	floor,	causing	the	lens	to	pop off	of	it.

Darren	swore.

He	picked	it	up	along	with	the	lens,	then	walked	over	to	his	bed	and	sat	on	the

edge	of	it.	While	he	was	fiddling	with	it,	he	realized	that	there	was	a	crack	in	the

facing	of	the	watch.	It	looked	like	it	might	open.

Grabbing	 his	 pocket	 knife,	 Darren	 pried	 open	 the	 inside	 of	 the	 watch	 face.

Several	small	metal	flat	pads	were	inside	of	it.	When	he	pressed	one	of	them,	it	gave

off	a	low,	shrill	beep.

The	sound	was	familiar.

Darren’s	head	snapped	around	like	he	thought	someone	might	have	come	into

the	room.	He	got	up	and	double-checked	the	lock	on	the	door	before	shuffling	back

over	 to	 the	 bed	 where	 he’d	 left	 the	 watch.	 He	 knew	 what	 this	 thing	 was.	 It	 was meant	for	 spying!

For	the	next	hour,	Darren	twisted	the	watch	about,	picking	at	every	little	crevice,

pouring	over	every	detail.	The	make	of	the	watch	was	designed	to	look	shoddy	on

purpose.	Really	though,	there	was	a	micro	USB	slot	on	the	back	of	the	back	face	of

the	metal	watch.

Instantly,	Darren	knew	that	he	was	going	to	have	to	come	up	with	a	way	to	look

at	 whatever	 was	 stored	 on	 that	 internal	 drive.	 Would	 it	 pertain	 to	 the	 Orange Corporation?	 Something	 secret	 from	 Diego	 Garcia?	 Or	 one	 of	 the	 other	 hidden groups	that	made	a	habit	of	lurking	about?	He	had	no	idea.

There	 was	 the	 possibility	 that	 it	 contained	 information	 that	 would	 help	 the Orange	 Corporation	 in	 its	 research	 .	 .	 .	 but	 even	 as	 Darren	 had	 that	 thought,	 he knew	it	wouldn’t	be	possible.	Someone	had	gone	to	great	lengths	to	make	sure	that

this	 spying	 device	 stayed	 hidden.	 Darren	 could	 only	 imagine	 that	 he	 would	 be	 in the	worst	sort	of	trouble	if	he	told	anyone	that	he	had	gone	snooping	instead	of	just

turning	it	in.

But	 turning	 it	 in	 would	 put	 the	 spotlight	 on	 Anna	 as	 well	 as	 himself,	 and	 he didn’t	want	that	for	either	of	them.	This	would	have	to	be	a	covert	affair.	For	now,

at	least.

The	first	chance	 that	Darren	had,	he	stepped	outside.	Avondale	was	a	bustling

city.	It	wasn’t	hard	to	figure	out	a	plan	of	action,	and	it	was	even	easier	to	put	it

into	motion.

Rather	 than	 risk	 his	 own	 personal	 computer,	 Darren	 walked	 about	 downtown

Avondale	 until	 he	 was	 able	 to	 find	 a	 young	 man	 sitting	 on	 the	 edge	 of	 a	 street corner.	The	busker	was	clearly	homeless;	he	looked	dirty	and	scruffy,	although	the

guitar	he	was	playing	looked	to	be	in	decent	enough	condition.	The	guitar	case	next

to	him	was	nearly	empty.

Darren	walked	over	to	him.	He	listened	to	the	man	play	for	a	few	minutes	and

then	dropped	a	fifty	into	the	guitar	case.

Instantly,	the	man’s	eyes	were	on	him.	“Thank	you,	sir!”

“Your	playing	deserves	it,”	said	Darren.	“Say,	mate,	how	would	you	like	to	make

another	hundred	to	go	with	that?”

The	man’s	mouth	went	pinched.	“I	don’t	do	that	sort	of	work.”

“That	 sort—no,	 no,	 God,	 no.”	 Darren	 quickly	 shook	 his	 hand.	 “No,	 I	 need

someone	to	do	some	research	for	me.	At	the	library.”

The	man	narrowed	his	eyes.	“Sounds	sketchy.”

“Too	sketchy	for	an	easy	hundred?”

The	man	thought	it	over.	“Suppose	not,”	he	finally	said.	He	carefully	retrieved

the	 money	 from	 the	 guitar	 case,	 packed	 his	 instrument	 away,	 and	 nodded.	 “They call	me	Dusty.”

“All	right,	Dusty.	Why	don’t	you	show	me	where	the	library	is?”	He	didn’t	offer

a	name,	and	Dusty	didn’t	insist	on	getting	one.	The	library	was	two	blocks	north

and	another	block	to	the	east.	It	was	late	afternoon	by	the	time	they	got	there.

Dusty	 gestured	 at	 the	 building.	 “Just	 exactly	 what	 is	 it	 you	 want	 me	 to	 do	 in there,	eh?”

“Mate,	 I	 want	 you	 to	 go	 inside,	 and	 plug	 this	 into	 one	 of	 the	 computers.”

Darren	passed	over	the	USB	drive.	“Then	you’re	going	to	use	this—”	He	handed over	a	pay-by-the-minute	phone,	as	well.	“—to	call	me	and	tell	me	when	the	drive’s

been	put	in.	My	number’s	already	in	the	phone.	You	can	keep	it	when	we’re	done.”

Dusty	looked	at	the	two	objects	suspiciously.	It	was	easy	to	tell	that	something

funny	 was	 going	 on.	 Thankfully	 for	 Darren,	 the	 man	 was	 far	 more	 interested	 in getting	the	cash	and	the	phone.	Dusty	nodded,	said,	“All	right”	and	went	into	the

library.

It	was	only	ten	minutes	later	when	Darren	got	the	call.	He	nodded	at	Dusty	as

the	man	left	the	library.	Darren	took	over	the	computer	chair	himself,	scanning	the

screen	intently.

It	was	a	seemingly	endless	amount	of	files.	Darren	swore	under	his	breath.	The

librarian	at	the	counter	gave	him	a	disapproving	look.

Darren	smiled	at	her	apologetically	before	turning	back	to	the	computer.

There	 were	 files	 about	 World	 War	 II.	 There	 were	 at	 least	 a	 dozen	 Operation Paperclip	 folders	 with	 pictures	 of	 Germans	 in	 uniform	 and	 names	 beneath	 them.

There	were	folders	that	had	Nikola	Tesla’s	name	on	them.	There	were	others	with

code	numbers	instead	of	names.	There	were	folders	with	code	names.	There	was	a

lot	of	stuff	on	that	drive.	Darren’s	memory	called	out	to	him,	and	a	conversation

with	Bill	Jenkins	came	back	to	him.	Bill	was	an	archaeologist	and	engineer	Darren

had	befriended	when	they	both	started	working	for	the	Orange	Corporation.	They

had	 both	 been	 assigned	 to	 an	 Orange	 Corp	 excavation	 of	 an	 underground

civilization	that	had	existed	on	Melville	Island	up	in	Canada.	That	had	been	where

Bill	 had	 saved	 Darren’s	 life,	 though	 that	 wasn’t	 the	 memory	 filling	 Darren’s thoughts	right	now.

Bill	 had	 said	 something	 about	 Tesla	 back	 then—how	 the	 United	 States

government	undervalued	the	inventor	during	his	life	but	they	had	taken	everything

he	had	written	or	drawn	up	after	his	death.	Something	about	the	country	needing

to	 catch	 up	 to	 Russia	 and	 Germany,	 which	 had	 known	 the	 true	 value	 of	 Tesla’s work.	But	then	Bill	had	mentioned	that	the	Order	of	the	Black	Sun	would	have	all

of	that	knowledge	by	now	because	they	secretly	ran	the	United	States	following	the

physical	 conclusion	 of	 World	 War	 II.	 The	 Germans	 had	 secretly	 shifted	 from	 a physical	conflict	to	one	that	would	control	the	economies	of	the	world	and	thereby

enslave	 every	 person	 on	 the	 planet	 through	 things	 like	 credit	 cards	 like	 Visa	 and MasterCard	and	prescription	medicine—not	to	mention	the	givens	of	fuel	costs	and

banking	fees.	That	revelation	had	really	set	Darren	back	on	his	ass	when	he	realized

what	 Bill	 had	 been	 trying	 to	 tell	 him.	 The	 amount	 of	 control	 and	 power	 over society	by	this	organization	that	had	its	origins	in	the	Third	Reich	was	absolute.	It

was	 scary	 when	 he	 realized	 that	 nobody	 was	 actually	 free	 under	 their	 various systems.

“There	are	even	rumours	about	ol’	Nikola	having	faked	his	death,”	Bill	had	told

him.	“The	conspiracy	theory	is	that	he	went	to	work	on	things	that	interested	him

with	Marconi,	 his	former	rival	 over	their	discoveries	and	applications	 of	the	 radio wave	transmission	technologies.	And	the	other	possibility	was	that	German	agents

had	gotten	to	him	in	1943.	He	almost	most	certainly	didn’t	die	of	natural	causes,

but	 then	 again,	 I’ve	 heard	 that	 the	 powers	 at	 be	 went	 back	 in	 time	 and	 took	 a younger	version	of	Tesla	down	.	.	.”

All	of	that	conversation	with	Bill	made	Darren	even	more	interested	in	the	files

that	 he’d	 found.	 He	 clicked	 through	 a	 few	 of	 the	 folders	 and	 saw	 faces	 and biographies,	 eventually	 landing	 on	 a	 file	 that	 detailed	 how	 the	 pro-Nazi	 business tycoons	monitored	Nikola	Tesla	and	all	the	experiments	he	was	doing	through	the

eyes	 of	 George	 Scherff	 Senior.	 According	 to	 the	 files,	 George	 Scherff	 Senior	 had worked	out	of	a	building	owned	by	the	Rockefellers	in	New	York	City,	but	George

Scherff	Junior	 had	also	been	snooping	around	Tesla’s	labs	because	Hitler’s	people

trained	 him	 in	 Germany	 to	 be	 a	 spy	 specifically	 for	 the	 task	 of	 using	 his	 skills around	Tesla’s	lab.	It	was	of	great	importance	to	the	Reich	that	the	secrets	that	they knew	because	of	Tesla’s	ideas	weren’t	shared	with	the	livestock	occupying	earth.	In

their	view,	anyone	beyond	their	own	group	was	a	slave—simple	as	that.

The	 file	 in	 question	 detailed	 how	 there	 were	 records	 showing	 that	 17	 Battery Place	was	the	Whitehall	Building,	and	it	happened	to	be	owned	by	a	man	named

Frank	 Rockefeller.	 He	 owned	 many	 of	 the	 companies	 that	 had	 offices	 in	 the

building,	 including	 the	 ILA—that	 was	 to	 say,	 including	 the	 International Longshoremen’s	Association.	Several	other	big-name	companies	had	offices	there	as

well,	many	of	them	in	the	oil,	mining,	and	chemical	production	businesses.

The	 document	 focused	 on	one	 specific	company:	 Buckeye	Steel	Castings.	This

company	 manufactured	 automatic	 couplers	 and	 chassis	 for	 railroad	 cars.	 The

general	manager	was	Samuel	P.	Bush.	That	name	had	been	highlighted	in	all	of	the

files.	It	was	clearly	one	that	was	meant	to	be	focused	on.

Darren	quickly	lost	himself	in	the	document.	Time	passed,	unnoticed.	After	an

hour	 went	 by,	 he	 was	 aware	 that	 he	 was	 now	 the	 only	 person	 that	 was	 using	 a computer,	but	he	wanted	to	read	a	little	bit	more	before	he	left.

The	document	went	on	to	say	that	the	association	Samuel	P.	Bush	had	with	the

Rockefellers	and	his	subsequent	position	as	Director	of	the	War	Industries	Board,

had	no	doubt	opened	him	up	to	contracts	with	Remington	Arms.

Several	of	the	words	in	the	document	had	reference	numbers	attached	to	them.

They	were,	no	doubt,	referencing	other	files	on	the	USB	drive.	Darren	knew	that

there	would	be	time	to	read	through	all	of	the	files	later.	Already,	the	librarian	was starting	to	give	him	the	stink	eye	for	how	close	it	was	getting	to	closing.

Darren	tried	to	read	faster.	There	was	just	so	much	to	get	through!

The	 file	 wrapped	 back	 around	 to	 George	 Scherff	 Senior.	 This	 time,	 it	 spoke about	 how	 he’d	 been	 Nikola	 Tesla’s	 accountant	 and	 business	 affairs	 manager.

Scherrf	 Senior	 had	 also	 worked	 at	 the	 Union	 Sulfur	 Company.	 Normally,	 this

association	wouldn’t	have	set	off	alarms,	considering	the	state	of	Tesla’s	affairs.	But Scherrf	had	his	orders	and	had	done	a	great	job	for	the	Third	Reich.

People	 often	 held	 more	 than	 one	 job.	 But	 the	 writer	 of	 the	 document	 clearly found	it	odd.	Darren	was	certain	that	if	he	kept	reading,	it	would	make	more	sense.

The	librarian	cleared	her	throat.	“The	library	will	be	closing	soon.”

“Right,”	said	Darren.	He	stood	up	jerkily	and	began	printing	off	the	remainder

of	 the	 file	 he	 had	 been	 reading—and	 two	 other	 files.	 He	 made	 sure	 that	 he	 was completely	logged	off	the	computer,	collected	his	ninety-three	pages	of	information,

and	 bid	 the	 librarian	 goodnight	 after	 making	 a	 twenty-dollar	 donation	 in	 the

donation	box	at	the	front	desk.

Darren	 returned	 to	 his	 motel	 room.	 He	 made	 sure	 to	 double-check	 the	 doors

and	windows.	Nothing	had	been	disturbed.	He	settled	in	to	read	over	the	remainder

of	the	first	file	and	was	surprised	to	find	that	the	main	focus	was	on	George	Scherff

Senior	because	the	man	had	changed	his	name	to	Prescott	Bush!

Whoever	had	been	keeping	tabs	on	these	problems	had	been	thorough.

The	 document	 went	 on	 to	 talk	 about	 how	 Prescott	 Bush	 had	 supported	 the

Nazis	and	sent	them	money.	He	was	arrested	and	charged	for	doing	so.	The	Bush

dynasty	continued	on,	however,	and—Darren’s	breath	caught	in	his	throat.

His	son	had	been	the	head	of	the	CIA	during	the	Vietnam	era.	That	was	George

Herbert	 Walker	 Bush.	 And	 he	 had	 become	 the	 US	 president!	 That	 meant	 that	 a member	of	the	Fourth	Reich	had	made	it	into	the	White	House!	“Holy	fuck,”	he

said	to	himself	as	he	scrubbed	at	his	eyes,	which	were	irritated	and	dry	after	all	that reading.	They	were	burning	from	lack	of	sleep	too.

He	pushed	on	though	and	kept	reading	for	another	half	hour	before	giving	up.	It

was	 starting	 to	 look	 like	 the	 exploding	 barracks	 on	 Diego	 Garcia	 had	 been	 an attempt	 to	 take	 out	 somebody	 who	 had	 gathered	 too	 much	 information,	 and

Darren	had	most	likely	discovered	one	of	their	backup	drives.	Eventually,	though,

he	put	the	papers	on	the	bedside	table	and	focused	on	sleep.	His	mind	was	way	too

busy	at	the	moment,	and	he	needed	to	slow	it	down.	He	started	doing	some	deep

breathing	exercises.

Darren	woke	up	at	8	a.m.	He	staggered	upright,	scrubbing	at	his	face,	and	went

to	the	bathroom.	When	he	came	out	a	few	minutes	later,	he	noticed	that	some	of

the	papers	had	fallen	onto	the	floor,	leaving	them	out	of	order	because	they	didn’t

have	page	numbers	on	them.	He	did	his	best	to	put	them	into	the	right	sequence

again	and	then	placed	them	on	top	of	the	table.	He	would	be	meeting	someone	at	a

nearby	bus	stop	to	get	the	information	for	his	next	job,	and	had	to	get	ready	to	leave for	his	rendezvous	at	8:25.	He	got	back	in	the	shower	and	turned	it	on	cold	to	get

his	adrenaline	going.

It	was	hard	to	shut	off	his	mind.	Darren	couldn’t	stop	thinking	about	what	he

had	learned	the	night	before.	According	to	those	files,	Tesla	had	given	ideas	to	the Germans	 before	 the	 war.	 He	 had	 also	 been	 involved	 in	 something	 called	 the	 P2

project,	which	Werner	Von	Braun	had	also	worked	on.	They	had	worked	together

in	 Los	 Alamos,	 New	 Mexico,	 from	 1936	 up	 until	 Von	 Braun	 had	 flown	 back	 to Germany.

After	Von	Braun	got	back	to	Europe	in	1937,	he	was	put	into	the	SS,	in	a	special

group	 known	 as	 the	 Ahnenerbe	 unit.	 It	 was	 a	 unit	 that	 was	 given	 the	 task	 of searching	 all	 over	 the	 earth	 for	 secrets	 and	 legends,	 in	 order	 to	 re-engineer	 super weapons	that	would	help	the	third	Reich	win	the	war	and	enable	a	thousand	years

of	Aryan	rule.	Anyone	in	this	unit	was	considered	to	be	a	member	of	the	Order	of

the	Black	Sun,	which	was	one	of	Himmler’s	most	closely	guarded	secrets.

Whoever	 had	 owned	 that	 watch	 must	 have	 been	 planning	 on	 becoming	 a

whistleblower,	 thought	 Darren	 as	 he	 showered.	 There	 was	 only	 one	 reason	 for someone	to	have	a	drive	with	so	much	information	on	it.	As	he	looked	over	at	one

of	the	pages,	he	saw	photocopied	handwriting.	It	was	a	letter,	written	to	somebody

that	 the	 author	 had	 cared	 about.	 Whoever	 this	 person	 was	 had	 enough	 security clearance	to	have	access	to	a	lot	of	things	that	were	above	Darren’s	paygrade.

The	information	in	the	letter	mentioned	a	location	where	the	stash	was.	“A	stash

of	what?”	he	asked	himself.	It	was	in	a	location	in	New	York	State,	and	the	letter

said	that	it	held	a	great	deal	of	original	technological	importance	and	that	whoever

had	access	to	this	letter	should	seek	out	what	was	located	underground	in	a	missile

silo	on	the	outskirts	of	Lewis,	New	York.

A	short	while	later,	Darren	was	fully	dressed.	He	cleaned	up	the	room	and	then

walked	out	the	door.	As	he	left	to	meet	his	contact,	he	started	to	think	about	what

kind	of	stuff	he’d	find	if	he	could	locate	that	deactivated	missile	complex	in	New

York	State.





Chapter	5

New	Discovery

June	1,	1993

Central	America

Anna	 retched	 again,	 curling	 even	 tighter	 around	 the	 toilet.	 She	 had	 barely

made	it	into	the	stall	before	vomiting.	Her	mouth	was	bitter-tasting.	She	couldn’t

stop	salivating.	Her	torso	ached.

She	 wiped	 her	 mouth	 off	 with	 a	 wad	 of	 toilet	 paper,	 hauled	 herself	 up,	 and flushed.	 This	 was	 ridiculous!	 She	 was	 a	 trained	 CIA	 agent!	 She	 had	 been	 shot, stabbed,	and	poisoned!	And	yet,	here	she	was,	being	beaten	down	by	a	little	bit	of

morning	sickness!

Her	heart	gave	a	pang	at	the	thought.

Anna	hadn’t	told	Darren	yet.

She	wasn’t	sure	what	to	do	with	the	information	herself.

If	she	revealed	that	she	was	pregnant,	the	CIA	would	demand	to	know	who	the

father	 was.	 Her	 own	 career—and	 Darren’s—would	 be	 thrown	 into	 chaos.	 They

could	 be	 let	 go	 for	 the	 infraction,	 and	 if	 that	 happened,	 they	 would	 end	 up	 with bullets	in	their	heads,	no	doubt.

Anna	knew	far,	far	too	much	to	be	allowed	to	simply	 leave	the	agency.	There	was also	the	fact	that	having	a	child	while	being	embroiled	in	Anna’s	line	of	work	would

be	dangerous	for	the	child	itself.	Anna	washed	her	hands	and	rinsed	out	her	mouth.

She	rested	a	hand	on	the	curve	of	her	stomach	and	then	caught	herself,	jerking

into	drying	her	hands	off	on	her	shirt	instead.

When	 she	 was	 content	 that	 she	 was	 neither	 going	 to	 throw	 up	 again	 and	 also fairly	 certain	 that	 she	 looked	 halfway	 professional,	 Anna	 stepped	 back	 into	 the hallway.	She	nodded	at	a	few	of	the	other	workers	as	she	went,	drifting	down	the

hall	and	into	her	office.

It	was	a	small,	cramped	space.	Anna	had	only	had	it	for	four	months.	Mostly,	it served	as	a	place	to	store	her	books,	files,	and	the	other	things	that	she	frequently

used	for	work.	Someone	had	left	a	file	on	her	desk.

Anna	 thumbed	 through	 it.	 The	 file	 had	 information	 on	 a	 Grey—a	 subtype	 of

alien	that	was	specifically	prevalent	in	the	American	South.	She	smiled.	She	could

give	 this	 task	 to	 Darren.	 Not	 only	 could	 he	 handle	 it	 with	 no	 problems,	 but	 he would	also	enjoy	it.

Darren	had	always	loved	the	jobs	that	involved	extraterrestrials.

Darren.

He	 was	 a	 small	 bright	 point	 in	 the	 whirlwind	 that	 was	 Anna’s	 life.	 In	 every corner,	 there	 was	 a	 new	 lie	 and	 a	 new	 secret.	 But	 Darren	 had	 never	 lied	 to	 her before,	and	Anna	was	confident	that	he	wasn’t	going	to	lie	to	her	in	the	future.

They	had	a	special	relationship.	She	had	never	met	a	man	quite	like	him	before.

Whatever	happened,	they	would	get	through	it	together.

Anna	 resolved,	 in	 that	 moment,	 to	 tell	 Darren	 that	 they	 were	 going	 to	 have	 a child	the	next	time	she	saw	him.	Hopefully,	that	would	be	soon.

Anna	had	a	lot	to	tell	him.	She	had	recently	managed	to	obtain	some	of	the	top-

secret	 information	 on	 the	 Egyptian	 artifacts	 that	 had	 been	 discovered	 in	 the	 cave system	beneath	the	Grand	Canyon.	While	the	tunnels	that	had	been	explored	so	far

had	 been	 vacant,	 there	 was	 a	 sign	 that,	 rather	 than	 die	 off,	 the	 ETs	 had	 simply moved	deeper	into	the	earth.

The	 US	 Military	 had	 been	 all	 over	 the	 Grand	 Canyon	 for	 decades,	 and	 some

caves	had	sensors	in	them.	It	was	a	highly	complicated	set	of	affairs.

That	implied	that	a	race	of	beings	had	been	living	beneath	the	Grand	Canyon

for	centuries.	As	there	had	never	been	any	problems	with	them,	it	was	assumed	that

they,	while	not	our	friends,	weren’t	the	enemy	either.

Just	the	thought	of	it	was	enough	to	get	Anna’s	mind	turning	again!

Signs	 showed	 that	 before	 this	 species	 had	 retreated	 deeper	 beneath	 the	 Grand Canyon,	they	had	been	fiercely	protective	of	their	territory.	While	not	interested	in

leaving	 the	 caves	 and	 actively	 seeking	 violence,	 they	 would	 kill	 anyone	 who

managed	to	stumble	too	close	to	their	home.

It	 was	 a	 blessing	 that	 they	 had	 gone	 deeper	 underground.	 That	 meant	 less

unfortunate	circumstances	to	try	and	cover-up.	Unfortunately,	it	also	meant	that	it

was	harder	to	find	out	any	real	information	on	them.

She	 was	 pulled	 out	 of	 her	 thoughts	 by	 someone	 knocking	 on	 the	 door	 to	 her office.	It	was	her	boss,	Alan	Schiff.

Anna	asked,	“What	can	I	do	for	you?”

“A	lot,	I’m	hoping,”	answered	Alan,	his	attempt	at	humour	falling	flat.	“I’ve	got

a	new	assignment	for	you,	Anna.”	With	that,	he	handed	her	a	stack	of	papers.

She	 thumbed	 through	 them,	 frowning.	 “This	 sends	 me	 to	 the	 states,	 Mexico,

and	.	.	.	Australia.	That’s	a	wide	array	of	locations,	sir.”

“You’ll	be	dealing	with	a	handful	of	soldiers	in	all	three	areas,”	said	Alan.	“Read

through	the	file	carefully.	This	is	important,	Anna.	We	might	be	able	to	get	some	of

them	working	for	us.”

“All	right,	sir.	I’ll	make	sure	the	job	gets	done.”

“Good.	Thank	you.”

When	 Alan	 left,	 Anna	 was	 sent	 down	 to	 look	 over	 the	 reports	 that	 she’d	 been given.	 The	 new	 job	 was	 strange,	 if	 only	 considering	 her	 normal	 line	 of	 work.	 It would	 be	 Anna’s	 job	 to	 case	 manage	 several	 soldiers	 that	 had	 seen	 too	 much	 for their	own	good.	They	would	need	to	be	recruited,	and	if	that	wasn’t	possible,	they

would	need	to	be	put	down.

Neither	 option	 was	 pleasant.	 One	 resulted	 in	 having	 no	 control	 over	 anything for	 the	 remainder	 of	 their	 days—always	 at	 the	 beck	 and	 call	 of	 the	 Orange Corporation—and	 the	 other	 was	 death.	 It	 was	 a	 bad	 hand	 no	 matter	 which	 way they	went.

Anna	hated	jobs	like	this,	but	she	would	do	it	all	the	same.	She	knew	her	place	in

the	company,	even	if	she	didn’t	like	it.

It	 would	 send	 her	 first	 to	 the	 Grand	 Canyon,	 where	 several	 soldiers	 had	 gone underground	 to	 assist	 another	 group	 of	 soldiers.	 Word	 had	 it	 that	 the	 first	 group had	 been	 attacked	 by	 angry	 greys	 that	 had	 been	 living	 underground	 in	 a	 DUMB

that	they	considered	their	property.

They	had	received	no	briefing	about	who	their	enemy	was.	Their	current	report

claimed	 that	 non-humans	 were	 shooting	 some	 kind	 of	 plasma	 from	 their

appendages.	 The	 soldiers	 were	 Christians	 and	 heavily	 religious.	 They	 had	 no

worldly	 knowledge	 of	 what	 these	 creatures	 might	 have	 been,	 and	 many	 weren’t handling	it	well.

Some	 had	 already	 committed	 suicide.	 Others	 were	 talking	 about	 going	 public

with	 the	 events	 that	 had	 happened,	 sharing	 it	 with	 the	 news	 stations	 and

paranormal	researchers.

It	 would	 be	 Anna’s	 job	 to	 make	 sure	 that	 the	 leaks	 didn’t	 happen.	 Ideally,	 she would	be	able	to	do	this	by	recruiting	them	into	programs	that	were	controlled	and

monitored	by	the	CIA.

But	one	of	them	was	younger.	He	was	already	talking	about	the	things	he’d	seen

on	social	media.	He	was	sharing	too	much.	Coming	too	close	to	revealing	the	truth.

He	had	to	be	taken	out.

Anna	made	the	call,	and	she	stood	by	it,	but	that	didn’t	mean	the	decision	didn’t

haunt	her.	She	made	her	own	trip	to	the	hotel	mini-bar	that	night,	drinking	until

she	was	certain	that	the	nightmares	wouldn’t	haunt	her.

The	“wet	works”	team	that	worked	for	the	CIA	made	it	look	like	a	suicide.	The

young	man	was	found	hanging	in	the	bedroom	of	his	house	in	a	closet.

Anna’s	interest	in	the	Grand	Canyon	was	officially	sparked.	She	began	to	look	all

over	 the	 world	 to	 try	 and	 find	 other	 places	 where	 pyramids	 might	 be.	 She	 was amazed	 to	 learn	 that	 there	 were	 tens	 of	 thousands	 of	 them	 catalogued—and

personally	believed	there	to	be	even	more	than	that.

There	were	pyramids	in	Antarctica	and	Alaska!	They	could	be	found	in	Bosnia,

too!	They	were	all	over	the	world	in	fact!

One	site	had	been	found	by	a	man	who	discovered	four	pyramids.	The	tunnels

beneath	 them	 had	 been	 filled	 in	 by	 a	 long-forgotten	 race.	 The	 Bosnian	 pyramids had	 been	 discovered	 in	 the	 early	 nineties,	 but	 the	 information	 was	 kept	 on	 the down-low.

The	 number	 of	 mainstream	 archaeologists	 who	 claimed	 they	 didn’t	 exist—all paid	off!	It	was	a	coverup	attempt!

She	 also,	 in	 her	 searching,	 discovered	 that	 there	 had	 been	 a	 massive	 pyramid discovered	in	Alaska.	It	had	functional	power	systems	strong	enough	to	run	all	of

Canada!

And	a	Great	Pyramid	that	had	been	discovered	in	Antarctica,	too!	Anna	was	so

excited	by	this	discovery	that	she	brought	it	up	to	Alan.

Alan	gave	her	a	shrewd	look.	 “You	 don’t	 need	 to	 be	 focusing	 on	 that.	 They’re

under	control.	What	we’ve	 lost	control	of	is	the	Grand	Canyon	region.	That’s	where your	attention	needs	to	be.”

That	wasn’t	a	denial!

Anna	 was	 thrilled.	 She	 slotted	 the	 pyramid	 information	 away	 with	 her	 recent discoveries	about	Pine	Gap.	While	working	there,	she	had	discovered	a	1,400-mile

tunnel.	 It	 had	 been	 made	 for	 hiding	 submarines	 inland,	 right	 beneath	 Pine	 Gap.

There	were	also	large	elevators	that	operated	without	a	cabling	system	and	instead

used	magnetism	to	help	them	go	up	and	down.	She	had	been	told	that	there	were

many	 floors	 beneath	 the	 levels	 that	 she’d	 been	 on	 but	 she	 didn’t	 have	 enough clearance	 to	 go	 past	 the	 ninth	 level	 of	 the	 underground	 base.	 She	 had	 also	 heard rumours	that	the	manmade	tunnels	joined	up	with	an	ancient	tunnel	system	many

miles	 beneath	 the	 earth	 and	 that	 they	 had	 been	 made	 millions	 of	 years	 ago	 by	 an ancient	race.	Whether	or	not	that	was	true,	she	was	unable	to	determine.

The	subs	could	refuel	there,	but	they	could	also	use	it	to	transport	supplies	and

people.	It	was	against	every	code	of	conduct	between	the	American	and	Australian

governments.	Any	leaks	could	severely	impact	the	relations	between	those	countries.

It	was	only	recently	that	Anna	realized	that	the	US	subs	were	powered	by	nuclear

energy	and	that	they	were	equipped	with	nuclear	warheads.

She	couldn’t	wait	until	Darren	returned.	Surely	his	presence	would	help	ease	her

sleep	at	night.





Chapter	6

Tesla

Tesla’s	Lab

New	York	City,	New	York

March	15,	1895

Nikola	 Tesla	 watched	 from	 across	 the	 street	 and	 out	 of	 the	 way	 of	 the

firefighters	as	they	worked	to	save	his	fourth-floor	laboratory,	along	with	the	rest	of the	 building,	 from	 the	 flames	 that	 engulfed	 it.	 The	 entire	 South	 Fifth	 Avenue building	had	caught	fire;	for	what	reason,	he	did	not	know	for	sure,	but	he	had	his

suspicions.	None	of	them	pointed	to	an	accident.

He	 stood,	 mesmerized	 by	 the	 dancing	 flames	 flaring	 and	 shrinking	 as	 the

firefighters	 attempted	 to	 squelch	 the	 blaze	 with	 their	 hoses.	 All	 of	 his	 work,	 his models,	notes,	data,	tools,	hundreds	of	pictures,	projects	both	secret	and	declassified

—all	of	it	was	gone.	All	he	had	on	him	was	a	single	book,	a	pocket	diary	that	he	had

only	been	writing	in	for	a	few	days.	It	didn’t	have	nearly	the	amount	of	information

in	it	that	now	fueled	the	fire	above,	and	it	would	take	decades—another	lifetime—

to	gather	it	again.

Tesla	frowned,	and	his	eyes	glazed	over.	He	was	silently	running	a	census	of	his

storage	units.	He	had	 placed	 a	 great	 many	 things	 in	holding	 facilities	for	 just	this sort	 of	 accident,	 so	 while	 he	 hadn’t	 lost	 his	 life’s	 work,	 everything	 he	 had	 been working	 on	 for	 the	 past	 three	 months	 was	 now	 gone.	 And	 there	 was	 no	 way	 to replace	any	of	it.	He	didn’t	give	a	rat’s	behind	about	the	possessions	he’d	now	lost

—he	might	later	when	he	would	be	wanting	for	a	change	of	clothes,	but	not	at	the

moment.	 All	 he	 cared	 about	 was	 the	 years	 and	 years	 of	 hard	 work	 rising	 to	 the heavens	in	smoke.

He	curled	the	hand	not	holding	his	diary	into	a	fist	and	pounded	it	against	the

side	 of	 his	 leg	 in	 frustration	 and	 anger.	 Tears	 gathered	 at	 the	 corners	 of	 his	 eyes,

which	 he	 quickly	 wiped	 away	 with	 his	 sleeve	 so	 that	 no	 one	 in	 the	 burgeoning crowd	 would	 see	 him	 showing	 vulnerability.	 He	 didn’t	 want	 to	 give	 whoever	 did this	to	him	the	satisfaction	of	knowing	how	they	had	affected	him.	He	would	show

people	 that	 he	 could	 start	 over	 again.	 The	 fact	 that	 he	 had	 to,	 though,	 caused sadness	to	grip	his	heart.

Later	 that	 evening,	 after	 hours	 of	 watching	 flames	 devour	 his	 life’s	 work,

including	the	oscillator	he	had	just	developed	to	power	his	entire	laboratory,	Tesla

decided	 to	 take	 a	 walk	 to	 clear	 his	 head.	 He	 told	 himself	 again	 and	 again	 that	 it would	do	him	no	good	to	dwell	on	it.	He	must	keep	moving	forward;	that	was	the

only	way	to	prevent	all	his	work	from	being	entirely	in	vain.	That	was	what	he	kept

telling	 himself,	 hoping	 that	 the	 more	 he	 said	 it,	 the	 more	 likely	 he	 would	 be	 to believe	it.

Tesla	stopped	at	a	hotel	where	he	had	stayed	before.	He	looked	the	building	up

and	down,	and	then	circled	it	three	times,	before	finally	stepping	inside.	Three,	six, and	nine.	Those	were	the	most	perfect	numbers	in	the	universe,	and	it	was	by	those

numbers,	 which	 Tesla	 liked	 to	 operate.	 This	 method	 never	 let	 him	 down	 before, and	he	didn’t	see	fit	to	break	that	habit	now,	especially	considering	all	the	bad	luck that	had	already	fallen	upon	him	this	day.

He	took	a	seat	at	a	table	in	the	restaurant	on	the	main	floor	of	the	lavish	hotel

and	 ordered	 himself	 a	 nice,	 steaming	 pot	 of	 black	 coffee.	 The	 waiter	 brought	 it promptly	and	asked	if	he	wanted	any	food.	Tesla	politely	declined	and	thanked	him

for	the	coffee.	After	the	waiter	walked	away,	Tesla	poured	out	a	cup	and	inhaled	the

fumes.	He	put	his	pocket	diary	on	the	table	and	opened	it	up,	careful	to	not	spill	a

drop	of	the	warm	brew	on	its	pages.

Tucked	between	two	pages	of	the	diary	were	five	photographs—the	only	pictures

he	had	left	of	his	homeland,	Smiljan	in	the	Austrian	Empire—although	his	family

was	of	Serbian	descent.	He	picked	up	one	of	the	photographs,	an	image	of	his	three

sisters,	 Milka,	 Angelina,	 and	 Marica,	 standing	 with	 their	 father	 outside	 of	 the Eastern	 Orthodox	 church	 where	 he	 preached.	 This	 had	 been	 long	 after	 their

brother,	Dane,	was	killed	in	a	horse-riding	accident.

Tesla	frowned	and	shuffled	the	photographs	to	one	of	his	mother,	Duka.	A	smile lightly	 touched	 his	 lips.	 She	 had	 been	 such	 a	 brilliant	 and	 inventive	 woman.	 She had	 never	 received	 a	 formal	 education,	 but	 Tesla	 was	 certain	 he	 got	 his	 eidetic memory	and	creativity	from	her	genetics	and	influence.	He	remembered	fondly	all

the	 tools	 and	 mechanical	 appliances	 Duka	 had	 made	 at	 home	 all	 throughout	 his childhood	 and	 her	 love	 for	 memorizing	 and	 reciting	 Serbian	 epic	 poems.	 Yes,	 he most	certainly	got	his	talents	from	her.	His	father	was	a	hardworking	man	of	God

but	not	quite	at	the	same	level	of	intelligence	and	ingenuity	as	Duka.

Tesla	 sighed	 and	 put	 the	 photographs	 back	 between	 the	 pages.	 He	 had	 missed his	mother	so	much	in	the	three	years	since	her	passing.

After	 replacing	 the	 photograph,	 Tesla	 wrote	 down	 a	 date:	 July	 10,	 1856—his

birthday.	 His	 mother	 had	 told	 him	 that	 he’d	 been	 born	 during	 a	 severe	 electrical storm.	He	postulated	that	that	might	explain	his	love	for	tinkering	with	electricity,

but	he	would	never	know	for	sure.	If	nothing	else,	it	made	for	a	good	story	when

trying	to	sell	his	inventions.	He	had	never	had	the	same	sort	of	flare	and	talent	for

self-praise	as	Thomas	did,	so	any	extra	boost	he	could	get	in	that	area	was	a	great

help	to	him.

Tesla	 closed	 his	 diary	 and	 sat	 back	 in	 his	 chair,	 staring	 blankly	 into	 the	 black abyss	of	his	coffee.	It	smelled	so	good,	it	stimulated	the	good	memories	that	he	had

of	home	to	come	forward	in	his	mind.	Here	he	was,	thirty-nine	and	having	to	start

from	scratch	all	over	again.	His	ray	transmission	technology	had	been	destroyed.	All

the	 money	 he	 had	 invested	 into	 working	 with	 impulse	 ray	 beams	 that	 could	 run motors	 had	 been	 reduced	 to	 ash.	 His	 models,	 his	 plans,	 and	 his	 data	 were	 now nothing	 but	 soot	 and	 smoke.	 His	 mind	 wasn’t	 on	 the	 money,	 though.	 What	 he couldn’t	replace	was	all	the	effort	and	meticulous	notes	he	had	accumulated	in	that

lab.	Not	to	mention	all	the	valuable	equipment	that	he	would	need	to	find	again,	to

re-equip	 himself.	 And	 he	 would	 need	 to	 find	 a	 new	 lab	 if	 he	 was	 to	 continue	 his research.	 He	 drew	 a	 breath	 of	 exasperation.	 God,	 there	 was	 so	 much	 more	 to	 do than	he	had	initially	realized.

His	 anxiety	 gave	 way	 to	 anger.	 This	 wasn’t	 an	 accident.	 This	 was	 arson—a

deliberate	attack	on	him	and	his	work,	which	engulfed	the	entire	building	to	make it	look	like	an	ordinary	fire.	He	felt	as	though	a	hand	had	plunged	into	his	chest,

grabbed	a	hold	of	his	heart,	and	begun	twisting	it.	Saboteurs	had	torched	the	place.

Of	that,	he	had	no	doubt.	And	he	felt	sure	he	knew	who	had	hired	them.

Ever	since	his	time	in	Paris,	where	he	had	been	asked	to	join	a	secret	society,	he

had	received	a	steady	stream	of	correspondence	from	Eiffel	and	members	of	other

organizations	 pressing	 Nikola	 for	 his	 answer	 and	 commitment.	 His	 most	 recent contact	had	been	a	visit	from	Mr	J.	P.	Morgan,	and	he	had	told	the	man	what	he’d

told	 the	 others.	 He	 was	 honoured	 by	 the	 invitation,	 but	 he	 must	 respectfully decline.

Morgan	had	seemed	polite	and	cordial	about	the	matter.	All	the	man	had	said	at

the	time	was	that	nothing	more	needed	to	be	 discussed	between	 them—and	then

he’d	 departed.	 Tesla	 had	 thought	 that	 was	 the	 end	 of	 the	 matter,	 but	 apparently not.	Looking	back,	he	realized	that	he	should	have	known	better.	His	lab	had	been

massive,	humbled	only	by	military	counterparts.	It	had	boasted	the	best	equipment

available	to	anyone	without	funding	from	the	government	or,	as	Tesla	now	realized,

a	secret	society.	If	Morgan	and	his	society	couldn’t	have	Tesla	and	his	lab,	they	had

wanted	to	make	sure	no	one	would	either.

Tesla	 raised	 his	 coffee	 to	 his	 lips	 with	 a	 shaking	 hand.	 He	 didn’t	 drink,	 only inhaled	and	set	the	cup	back	down.	He	wasn’t	supposed	to	have	survived	the	fire.

He	 knew	 that	 now.	 Fortunately,	 his	 lab	 assistant	 had	 been	 there	 and	 had	 woken Tesla	to	alert	him	of	the	fire,	or	else	Nikola	might	not	have	lived	to	grieve	his	loss.

The	inventor’s	brow	furrowed	with	determination.	He	must	confront	Morgan,

face-to-face,	forcing	him	out	of	the	darkness	and	making	him	pay	for	what	he	had

done.

After	another	slow	inhalation	of	the	coffee’s	steam,	Tesla’s	expression	relaxed.	He

considered	the	possibility	that	it	might	not	have	been	Morgan.	If	not	Morgan	or	his

people,	then	perhaps	some	other	society	had	set	their	sights	upon	Nikola.	He	knew

that	 Thomas,	 Eiffel,	 Samuel,	 and	 other	 industrial	 opportunists	 were	 members	 of secret	societies.	Edison	had	felt	threatened	by	Tesla	for	some	time,	and	Tesla	had	no

doubt	in	his	mind	that	his	fellow	inventor	was	more	than	capable	of	hiring	someone to	kill	a	rival	and	destroy	their	work.

Thomas	knew	that	any	advancement	of	technology	by	another	could	mean	his

inventions	 were	 made	 obsolete,	 and	 men	 like	 Edison,	 Morgan,	 and	 George

Westinghouse,	all	of	whom	had	bought	Tesla’s	designs	and	implemented	them	into

their	 respective	 infrastructure,	 would	 continue	 profiting	 from	 Nikola’s	 previous work.	They	all	wanted	to	control	Tesla	and	his	inventions,	optimizing	them	for	the

benefit	of	their	societies.

Tesla’s	face	hardened	again.	He	wouldn’t	let	that	happen.	He	would	find	a	way

to	continue	his	work	and	expose	 these	monsters	for	what	 they	were,	 starting	with

Morgan,	saboteur	or	not.

Tesla	 called	 the	 waiter	 over	 and	 asked	 for	 a	 glass	 of	 whiskey,	 which	 the	 waiter brought	promptly.	“You	haven’t	touched	your	coffee,	sir.	Is	it	to	your	liking?”

Tesla	smiled.	“Yes,	it	is.	I	wanted	to	smell	it,	as	I	find	the	smell	of	it	gives	me	a

sense	of	calm.	Today	I’m	only	going	to	inhale	it.”

“Ah.”	The	waiter	tried	not	to	look	confused	by	the	notion.	“Well,	this	is	on	the

house	then.”

“Thank	you,	young	man.”

“I’ll	bring	your	check	directly,	sir.”

Tesla	threw	back	his	whiskey,	pulled	out	his	wallet,	and	set	down	enough	money

to	cover	the	bill	and	a	modest	tip	before	leaving	with	his	diary.

J.	P.	Morgan’s	Home

219	Madison	Avenue

New	York	City,	New	York

March	18,	1895

J.	 P.	 Morgan	 sat	 in	 a	 plush	 armchair	 at	 his	 polished-oak	 desk,	 reading	 the newspaper.	 His	 moustache	 ruffled	 as	 he	 blew	 a	 flustered	 breath	 through	 his	 nose.

His	eyes	were	fixed	on	an	article	about	the	fire	at	33-35	South	Fifth	Avenue.	There was	no	indication	of	Tesla’s	death.	That,	coupled	with	one	of	his	informants	telling

him	that	he	had	seen	Tesla	at	a	restaurant	during	the	hours	proceeding	the	blaze,

after	the	fire	had	thoroughly	destroyed	the	entire	six	floors	of	the	building	plus	the basement,	 proved	 to	 Morgan	 that	 his	 attempt	 on	 Tesla’s	 life	 had	 failed,	 and	 this displeased	him	greatly.

Damage	 control	 was	 all	 that	 Morgan	 could	 think	 about	 now.	 Surely,	 Tesla

would	suspect	foul	play,	and	after	their	most	recent	encounter,	Morgan	knew	that

he	 would	 top	 Tesla’s	 suspects	 list.	 Tesla	 would	 most	 likely	 try	 to	 out	 him	 or demand	 compensation	 through	 some	 sort	 of	 public	 medium,	 probably	 The	 New York	Times—the	more	popular	the	publication,	the	better.	The	inventor	had	spent far	 too	 long	 with	 Edison	 not	 to	 have	 picked	 up	 a	 thing	 or	 two	 from	 the	 showy bastard.	 Tesla	 would	 want	 to	 humiliate	 Morgan	 and	 ruin	 him	 socially	 as	 well	 as financially,	 and	 he	 might	 even	 try	 to	 get	 him	 arrested.	 Morgan’s	 contacts	 would never	 allow	 that	 to	 happen,	 but	 his	 reputation	 and	 business	 would	 never	 survive such	a	social	blow,	and	with	that,	he	would	no	longer	be	considered	useful	to	his

society.

Morgan	shuddered	at	the	thought. No, 	 that	will	not	happen, he	resolved. 	I	won’t let	it.

He	stood	abruptly,	pacing	up	and	down	the	room.	His	anger	was	boiling	over;

he	 was	 unable	 to	 be	 contained	 himself.	 He	 felt	 it	 as	 the	 taste	 of	 bile	 rose	 to	 his mouth,	 and	 he	 finally	 erupted.	 He	 kicked	 a	 chair	 hard,	 and	 the	 wood	 splintered under	his	foot.	He	was	still	too	angry	to	feel	the	pain,	but	he	would	be	limping	for

the	next	couple	of	days.	The	sound	was	loud,	and	he	was	glad	the	house	was	empty

except	for	the	servants	working	on	the	lower	floors.

Morgan	knew	he	had	to	find	a	way	to	keep	Tesla	quiet.	Another	attempt	on	his

life	was	out	of	the	question—at	least	for	the	time	being.	It	would	be	too	suspicious.

But	if	he’d	learned	one	thing	from	his	dealings	with	Andrew	Carnegie,	money,	even

between	mortal	enemies,	could	be	quite	persuasive.	His	lips	curled	slightly	upward.

Morgan	 sat	 at	 his	 deck	 again	 and	 set	 about	 arranging	 a	 private	 meeting	 with

Nikola	Tesla	to	discuss	a	gift	of	$150,000	to	rebuild	the	inventor’s	lab	or	to	pay	for something	 else	 Tesla	 wanted	 to	 do.	 He	 had	 mentioned	 that	 he	 was	 interested	 in moving	 to	 Colorado	 in	 a	 previous	 discussion.	 Maybe	 that	 would	 be	 something

worth	the	investment	he	pondered.

Central	Park

New	York	City,	New	York

March	1895,	Same	Day	as	the	Fire

After	leaving	the	restaurant,	Tesla	continued	his	contemplative	walk	around

New	York	 City	 and	 soon	headed	 for	Central	 Park.	For	 as	 long	 as	 he	 had	been	in New	York,	he’d	loved	to	go	to	parks	and	feed	the	pigeons,	which	gathered	there.	He

often	took	home	the	injured	ones	and	nursed	them	back	to	health,	but	he	wouldn’t

be	 doing	 that	 today	 or	 for	 quite	 some	 time—not	 until	 he	 could	 find	 a	 new laboratory.	Still,	he	could	at	least	enjoy	the	birds’	company	and	clear	his	mind	for	a while.

Tesla	stopped	at	a	bakery	along	the	way	and	bought	a	loaf	of	bread	to	share	with

the	 pigeons.	 When	 he	 reached	 Central	 Park,	 he	 walked	 straight	 to	 his	 favourite bench	 and	 was	 immediately	 surrounded	 by	 the	 creatures,	 which	 so	 many	 others considered	to	be	a	nuisance.	It	was	as	though	they	recognized	him,	fluttering	and

landing	close	to	the	man.

He	broke	off	a	piece	of	bread	and	gently	tossed	some	crumbs	from	it,	alternating

between	feeding	it	to	his	winged	friends	and	taking	bites	himself.	With	all	the	stress, coffee,	 and	 alcohol	 coursing	 through	 him,	 Nikola	 knew	 that	 he	 needed	 to	 eat something	substantial.	He	hadn’t	felt	a	desire	for	any	of	the	food	at	the	restaurant, but	the	freshly	baked	bread	had	smelled	too	good	to	resist.

He	 allowed	 his	 mind	 to	 wander	 as	 he	 watched	 his	 feathered	 friends	 hop	 from crumb	to	crumb.	There	had	to	be	something	he	could	do.	He	had	been	designing

high-frequency	 oscillators	 for	 electro-therapy	 and	 other	 uses;	 he	 knew	 he	 had	 to

strike	the	iron	while	it	was	still	hot,	but	he	couldn’t	do	that	without	access	to	a	lab.

As	much	as	it	pained	Tesla	to	consider	this,	Thomas	had	offered	to	loan	him	one

of	his	labs	in	the	past.	Perhaps	the	old	dog	would	do	the	same	now.	It	would	by	no

means	be	a	permanent	solution,	but	it	would	help	him	until	he	found	somewhere

else	to	conduct	his	experiments.

He	sighed,	and	a	couple	of	the	pigeons	looked	at	him	with	tilted	heads	as	if	to

ask	him	what	was	wrong.	There	was	still	the	matter	of	money.	He	had	lived	quite

comfortably	 up	 to	 this	 point,	 but	 he	 had	 lost	 a	 great	 deal	 in	 the	 fire.	 He	 must somehow	 replace	 all	 his	 lab	 equipment	 as	 well	 as	 personal	 belongings—especially clothing.

He	knew	how	to	eat	on	a	minimal	budget,	but	if	he	was	to	convince	Edison	to

let	him	use	one	of	his	loaner	labs,	he	knew	he	would	have	to	make	it	“worthwhile”

for	Edison,	and	that	usually	meant	giving	the	other	inventor	money	or	an	idea.

For	all	that	Tesla	thought	and	said	about	his	old	colleague,	he	had	to	admit	that

Edison	was	a	much	shrewder	businessman	than	he’d	ever	been.	That	gave	Edison	a

sizable	advantage	over	Tesla,	and	it	was	one	that	Tesla	wasn’t	quite	sure	he	was	able

to	remedy.	He	needed	to	get	money,	somehow.

A	 light	 bulb	 illuminated	 Tesla’s	 mind.	 He	 tossed	 a	 few	 final	 crumbs	 to	 the pigeons,	 rolled	 up	 the	 end	 of	 the	 paper	 bag	 holding	 the	 rest	 of	 his	 bread,	 and hurried	out	of	the	park.	He	looked	around	and	hailed	a	carriage.

He	soon	arrived	at	the	home	of	Brent	Black,	an	investor	he	had	been	in	regular

contact	with	and	who	had	shown	great	interest	in	Tesla	and	his	inventions	for	some

time.	 Tesla	 knocked	 on	 the	 door	 and	 waited.	 He	 took	 a	 moment	 to	 catch	 his reflection	 in	 the	 glass	 of	 the	 door	 but	 eventually	 became	 aware	 of	 his	 appearance.

His	 hair	 was	 a	 mess,	 his	 clothes	 rumpled	 from	 the	 long	 day—not	 the	 best

presentation	for	speaking	with	a	potential	investor,	but	he	was	desperate	and	didn’t

have	the	time	or	the	resources	to	change	into	something	more	presentable.

Brent	Black	answered	the	door.	His	eyes	widened	as	he	gave	the	younger	man	on

his	front	stoop	a	quick	once-over. Dishevelled	hair,	clothes	askew,	a	generally	unkempt appearance	and	is	that	soot	on	his	shirt? 	This	wasn’t	the	dapper,	put-together	inventor

that	 Brent	 had	 gotten	 to	 know	 over	 the	 many	 months	 they’d	 frequented	 similar social	circles	and	gatherings,	but	it	was	the	famed	inventor,	nonetheless.

“Nikola	 Tesla,”	 he	 said,	 stunned.	 Then,	 his	 voice	 grew	 louder—more	 jovial—

and	a	smile	formed	on	his	lips.	“Good	 evening,	my	 friend!	Tell	 me,	 to	 what	do	I

owe	this	pleasure?”

Tesla	tried	to	return	the	smile,	but	it	wavered.	“Good	evening,	Mr	Black.	Please,

may	I	come	inside?”

“Mister?	 Bah.	 Please,	 my	 friend,	 call	 me	 Brent!”	 He	 stepped	 to	 the	 side	 of	 the doorway	and	motioned	Tesla	inside.	“Please,	come	in.”

Tesla	walked	briskly	into	Black’s	home	with	a	gracious	nod	of	thanks,	trying	to

appear	casual	to	hide	his	nervousness.

Black	 grinned	 like	 a	 schoolboy.	 Just	 seeing	 Tesla	 had	 gotten	 the	 man’s	 heart racing.	 He	 led	 his	 guest	 into	 the	 sitting	 room,	 where	 flames	 were	 roaring	 in	 the fireplace,	 and	 they	 each	 sat	 in	 soft,	 luxurious	 armchairs.	 “What’s	 on	 your	 mind, Nikola?”	Black	asked	as	Tesla	set	his	bag	of	bread	next	to	his	chair.

“I	 don’t	 suppose	 you	 heard	 any	 gossip	 today,	 have	 you?”	 Tesla	 asked	 and

searched	his	host’s	eyes.	“About	my	lab	or	any	buildings	which	caught	fire?”

“I—”	the	man	began,	and	then	suddenly,	his	face	changed.	“My	goodness!	Your

lab?”	Black	gasped.	“I	mean,	I	heard	word	of	a	building	which	caught	fire	on	Fifth

Avenue	while	I	dined	with	an	acquaintance,	but	I	didn’t—it	was	 your	 building?”

“My	lab	was	on	the	fourth	floor,	yes,”	Tesla	said	with	resignation.

“My	 goodness.	 I’m	 so	 sorry,	 my	 friend.”	 Black	 stood	 and	 moved	 to	 a	 cart

alongside	the	chairs	with	bottles	of	brown	alcohol.	He	picked	up	a	pair	of	matching

tumblers.	“Might	I	offer	you	a	drink?”

Tesla	nodded.	“I	don’t	normally	drink.”

“Bourbon	or	scotch?”

Tesla	 cringed	 at	 the	 memory	 of	 Edison	 and	 the	 others	 drinking	 bourbon	 at

Eiffel’s	secret	gathering	six	years	ago.	He	also	hearkened	back	to	his	friendship	with Sir	 James	 Dewar	 and	 replied,	 “I’d	 rather	 have	 coffee	 to	 be	 truthful.	 Is	 that	 a possibility?”

Black	 nodded	 his	 head.	 “Certainly,”	 he	 said	 as	 he	 poured	 himself	 a	 drink	 and then	walked	over	to	a	coffee	pot	in	the	kitchen.	He	tested	the	coffee	that	was	in	it

but	it	was	too	old	to	offer	to	his	friend,	so	he	took	a	kettle	and	filled	it	with	water.

Then,	he	brought	the	stove	to	boil.	When	he	returned	from	the	kitchen,	he	picked

up	his	own	drink	and	spoke	to	his	friend.	“Coffee	won’t	be	but	a	minute,	Nikola.

I’ll	 brew	 you	 up	 a	 fresh	 pot	 of	 some	 Columbian	 roast	 that	 you	 will	 very	 much like	 .	 .	 .	 the	 smell	 of.	 Now,	 From	 what	 I	 heard,	 the	 fire	 was	 horrendous.”	 He clinked	ice	cubes	into	the	tumbler.	“Destroyed	the	entire	building.”

“I	watched	it.	It	did.”

“What	 happened,	 if	 I	 may	 ask?”	 Black	 poured	 the	 fine	 single	 malt.	 “Did

someone	leave	a	fireplace	unattended?	Knocked	over	a	lantern,	a	candle?”

Tesla	shook	his	head	as	he	took	the	mug	of	coffee	that	Black	offered	him.	“I’m

afraid	it	was	nothing	so	mundane.”

Black	raised	his	eyebrows	at	Tesla.	“Do	you	think	it	was	arson?”

“Without	a	doubt.”

“But	who	would—”

“Someone	who	wants	my	research	destroyed	and	me	dead.”

Tesla	 could	 recall	 catching	 George	 Scherff	 Junior,	 only	 fourteen	 years	 old,

reading	through	his	notebooks	in	the	lab.	The	boy	was	into	everything.	In	fact,	it

was	so	apparent	that	Tesla	had	taken	to	using	the	phrase	 curious	 as	George.	 While Tesla	didn’t	think	that	the	boy	had	any	ill	mirth	about	him,	Tesla	supposed	that	the

boy	might	have	spread	word	to	his	father,	George	Scherff	Senior.

Still,	 that	 wasn’t	 something	 Tesla	 wanted	 to	 consider.	 He	 greatly	 trusted	 the boy’s	father.	He	hoped	that	they	weren’t	telling	anyone	about	his	various	projects.

Black	sucked	in	a	deep	breath.	“Do	you	think	it	was	Edison?”

“It’s	possible,”	Tesla	said.	He	still	wasn’t	entirely	sure	the	old	dog	could	do	it	to

him.	Despite	their	rivalry,	they	 had	been	friends	once,	hadn’t	they?	But	he	sighed.

“Especially	 considering	 all	 the	 rumours	 he’s	 been	 spreading	 about	 alternating currents,	going	so	far	as	to	electrocute	animals.”

Black	 took	 a	 sip	 of	 his	 whiskey	 and	 leaned	 toward	 Tesla.	 “Really?	 Ol’	 Tom	 is

certainly	an	 elephant	in	the	room,	then.”

“But	he’s	not	the	only	elephant.	Not	even	my	top	suspect.”

“Who	could	possibly	hate	you	more	than	Edison?”

Tesla	 smirked,	 but	 the	 levity	 soon	 faded.	 “I	 didn’t	 say	 the	 person	 hates	 me, necessarily,	but	they	wanted	to	send	a	message.”

“A	 message.	 My	 goodness,”	 Black	 said	 breathlessly.	 He	 wasn’t	 used	 to	 such

intrigue.	“Who	would	do	it?”

Tesla	took	a	drink	as	though	any	beverage	could	stand	in	for	liquid	courage.	“Do

you	know	J.	P.	Morgan?”

“J.	P.?”	Black	scoffed	 with	amusement.	 “Surely	 men	 like	Morgan	 would	rather

destroy	you	than	kill	you.”

“Morgan	 approached	 me	 about	 joining	 a	 secret	 club.	 Some	 little	 cloak	 and

dagger	 thing.	 I	 think	 it	 was	 to	 control	 my	 inventions	 and	 me—to	 slow	 down	 my advances	and	ensure	that	they	could	continue	profiting	from	my	previous	patents.	A

couple	of	days	ago,	I	declined	his	offer.	He	didn’t	seem	bothered	by	it	at	the	time,

but	I	wouldn’t	be	surprised	if	he	arranged	for	this	.	.	. accident.”

Black	 pensively	 stared	 into	 the	 fire	 for	 several	 moments.	 “I	 could	 make	 some calls,	my	friend.	I	can	look	into	it	for	you.”

Tesla	smiled	weakly.	“Thank	you,	truly.”

“Think	nothing	of	it.	I	won’t	hear	another	word	about	it.”	Black	raised	his	glass

to	the	inventor,	then	took	a	seat	beside	him	and	sipped	his	whiskey.

“I	was	also	asked	to	go	to	several	social	gatherings	with	my	business	manager,	but

I	haven’t	done	anything	like	that	for	quite	some	time,	so	I	doubt	this	vile	act	could

have	been	orchestrated	by	someone	within	those	circles.	My	bet	is	on	Morgan,”	said

Tesla.

They	sat	in	silence	for	a	few	minutes,	sipping	at	and	refilling	their	drinks,	before

Tesla	spoke	again,	“Mr	Black—”

“Please,	Nikola,	call	me	Brent,”	Black	said	kindly.

“Brent,	has	anyone	been	asking	questions	about	my	designs	to	.	.	.	improve	the

Statue	of	Liberty?”

Black	tilted	his	head.	“The	secret	room?”

Tesla	nodded.

Black	rubbed	his	chin	in	thought.

Months	ago,	Nikola	had	been	hired	through	a	mutual	contact	of	his	and	Black’s

from	 Washington.	 Tesla	 had	 been	 hired	 to	 secretly	 design	 a	 wireless	 transmission system	 and	 discreetly	 place	 it	 inside	 the	 torch	 of	 the	 Statue	 of	 Liberty,	 and	 Brent Black	was	the	only	person	outside	of	Tesla	and	the	people	who	hired	him	who	were

aware	of	the	project.	At	least,	that’s	what	Tesla	had	been	told.	But	after	this	attack on	his	lab,	he	wasn’t	sure	what	to	think	anymore.

Black	shook	his	head.	“If	they’re	asking,	they	aren’t	asking	me.”

Tesla	sunk	back	into	the	armchair	and	put	his	forehead	in	his	free	hand.	He	was

relieved	that	no	one	had	been	poking	their	noses	around	Brent	Black,	but	that	did

not	mean	there	weren’t	interested	parties	snooping	about	for	information	regarding

Tesla’s	government	contracts,	and	that	notion	worried	him	more	than	if	they	were

just	discussing	it	with	Black.

Picking	up	on	his	friend’s	concern,	Black	decided	to	change	the	subject.	“What

are	your	plans	following	this	fiasco?”	he	asked.

“I’m	not	sure.	I	might	be	able	to	get	a	loaner	lab	from	Thomas	if	he’s	feeling	up

to	helping	an	old	rival,	but	you	know	him.	Nothing	is	guaranteed.”

Black	snorted.	“No	offence	intended,	but	why	would	Edison	want	to	lend	 you	 a

lab?”

Tesla	chuckled	dryly.	“I	know	it	sounds	strange,	but	he	has	extended	the	offer	to

me	before.	I	don’t	see	why	he	would	rescind	it	now.”

“Again, why	would	he	lend	a	lab	to	you?”

“Well,	he’s	always	relished	an	association,	at	least	in	name,	to	my	work.”

“Yes,	if	by	relish	you	mean	taken	credit	for,”	said	Black	and	harrumphed	loudly.

Tesla	smiled	a	bit.	“Well,	if	not	out	of	the	kindness	of	his	cold	heart,	then	more

to	keep	an	eye	on	me.	That’s	my	guess.”

“Ha!”	Black	barked	amused.	“He	wants	to	keep	tabs	on	my	progress	and	might

even	try	to	sabotage	some	of	my	experiments	if	my	projects	advance	too	quickly	for

his	comfort.”

Black	 hesitated,	 then	 asked,	 “Do	 you	 think	 that	 has	 anything	 to	 do	 with	 him being	a	Master	Mason?”

Nikola	sipped	his	drink.	“Without	a	doubt.”

“Are	you	sure	that’s	the	only	way	you	can	access	a	new	lab?”

Tesla	sighed	and	rubbed	his	forehead.	“Until	I	can	afford	to	lease	one	somewhere

else,	yes.	I	have	no	other	options. Everything	 went	up	in	flames,	Brent.	My	hands are	tied	here.”

Black	took	a	long,	deliberate	sniff	then	sipped	his	whiskey.	“What	would	it	take

to	get	you	back	to	your	work?”

“Money.”

“Well,	that’s	an	area	where	I	can	provide	you	with	some	aid.”	He	raised	a	hand

the	instant	he	saw	the	inventor	open	his	mouth	to	decline.	“And	I	won’t	hear	a	lick

of	protest	from	you,	you	stubborn	mule.”

“Are	you	certain?”	Tesla	asked.

“It	 might	 take	 some	 doing,	 but	 I	 believe	 I	 can	 find	 the	 funds	 for	 you	 sooner rather	than	later.”

Tesla	 couldn’t	 help	 but	 smile	 broadly,	 though	 exhausted.	 “Thank	 you,	 my

friend.	Thank	you	truly.”

Black	grinned	and	patted	Nikola’s	arm	kindly.	“Again,	think	nothing	of	it.	We’ll

get	you	all	set	up	 and	 find	out	who	did	this	to	you.”

“I	don’t	know	how	I’ll	ever	be	able	to	repay	you.”

“I’m	 always	 happy	 to	 help	 a	 friend.”	 Black’s	 eyes	 twinkled.	 “We	 can	 arrange	 a more	 official	 investment	 contract	 in	 the	 morning.	 There	 are	 some	 problems	 that I’m	 experiencing	 with	 machinery	 in	 my	 warehouses.	 Maybe	 you	 can	 help	 me	 fix them.	For	now,	though,”	he	said,	raising	his	glass,	“we	drink.”

Tesla	smiled	with	appreciation.	“Well,”	Tesla	said	as	he	set	his	glass	on	the	knee-

high	table	in	front	of	them,	“I	should	go	find	a	place	to	stay	for	the	night	so	I	might have	the	strength	to	face	Edison	tomorrow.”

Brent	waved	his	hand	dismissively.	“Nonsense.	You’ll	stay	here.”

“Brent,	I	can’t.	You’re	far	too	generous—”

“I	insist.”

Black	rose	and	extended	a	warm	hand	to	the	inventor.	Tesla	took	it	and	shook	it

with	respect.



For	 the	 next	 few	 months,	 Tesla	 reluctantly	 worked	 and	 slept	 in	 Edison’s

loaner	 lab,	 well	 aware	 that	 his	 competition	 was	 watching	 his	 every	 move,	 making notes	 of	 his	 advancements	 and	 keeping	 track	 of	 how	 far	 along	 he	 was	 getting, although	 Tesla	 was	 hesitant	 to	 make	 any	 real	 progress	 during	 this	 time	 except	 to help	his	friend	Brent	Black,	who	had	come	to	his	aid.	But	there	was	no	quieting	the

determined	 heart	 or	 the	 busy	 mind	 of	 his.	 Tesla	 couldn’t	 remain	 still—or	 move slowly—for	too	long.

Fortunately,	Mr	Black	proved	true	to	his	word	and	procured	the	financing	Tesla

needed	 for	 his	 own	 arrangements,	 which	 allowed	 Nikola	 to	 move	 out	 of	 Edison’s lab	without	so	much	as	a	farewell.

By	 July	 1895,	 Tesla	 had	 found	 himself	 a	 new	 lab	 to	 rent	 on	 two	 floors	 of	 a building	at	46	East	Houston	Street	in	New	York	City.	Feeling	that	he	was	finally

out	of	Edison’s	ring	of	influence	once	more,	Tesla	allowed	himself	a	breath	of	relief

and	returned	to	his	work	with	renewed	vigour.





Chapter	7

Leave

September	12,	1993

After	a	whirlwind	week	spent	hiking	through	the	jungle	in	an	attempt	to	find

a	 downed	 spacecraft,	 Darren	 was	 thrilled	 to	 hear	 that	 he	 had	 a	 two-week	 leave coming	up.	Before	it	hit,	Darren	went	Stateside	once	more.	He	caught	a	plane	from

Nelson	Garcia	to	a	military	air	force	base	in	New	York	State.

This	 wasn’t	 the	 first	 time	 that	 he’d	 been	 there.	 Still,	 after	 being	 in	 the	 empty jungle	 for	 so	 long,	 the	 hustle	 and	 bustle	 of	 New	 York	 City	 would	 be	 a	 massive adjustment	to	have	to	try	and	deal	with	when	Darren	got	there.	He	hired	a	cab	after

walking	off	the	base,	which	drove	him	to	the	giant	metropolis.	After	getting	into	his

hotel,	Mathews	changed	out	of	the	shorts	he’d	worn	for	the	long	flights	and	took	a

cab	out	to	the	garden	square.

It	wasn’t	hard	to	find	Anna.

She	was	waiting	for	him	on	one	of	the	benches.	Her	face	lit	up	when	she	caught

sight	of	him.	They	rushed	toward	each	other,	Darren	catching	Anna	under	the	arms

and	spinning	her	about	in	a	hug.

Anna	laughed.	“Hi,	honey.	I	missed	you!”

“Not	nearly	as	much	 as	 I	 missed	 you,”	 said	Darren.	 He	 settled	her	 back	 down

and	leaned	in	for	a	kiss.	Anna	eagerly	returned	it.	When	they	parted,	she	took	hold

of	one	of	Darren’s	hands	and	led	him	over	to	one	of	the	benches	nearby.

She	said,	“How	was	your	trip?”	He	smiled	as	he	walked	beside	her.	“It	was	loud

being	in	an	unpressurized	aircraft.	I’m	just	getting	my	hearing	back.”

Anna	sat	down	and	watched	several	couples	walking	around.

“My	hotel	looks	nice.	Thanks	for	suggesting	that	we	go	there.	Are	your	bags	in

your	 hotel?”	 he	 asked	 her.	 Anna	 nodded	 her	 head	 as	 she	 leaned	 into	 his	 shoulder and	rubbed	his	back.	“My	bags	are	checked	in	at	the	hotel	lobby,	so	we	can	go	and

collect	them	and	then	go	back	to	your	hotel.”

“Good.	What	about	the	apartment	in	Florida?”

Anna	didn’t	look	happy	when	she	looked	out	at	the	pigeons,	which	were	walking

around	in	front	of	them	looking	for	bits	of	food	from	the	last	people	that	had	been

there.	“Alan	Schiff	made	me	an	offer	I	couldn’t	refuse.	He	put	us	in	a	safe	house.”

Darren	looked	unimpressed.	“What?”

“I	 asked	 him	 for	 some	 time	 away	 from	 Pine	 Gap,	 and	 he	 was	 shocked	 that	 I would	 even	 think	 of	 asking	 to	 leave	 the	 base	 because	 of	 everything	 that’s	 been taking	 place.	 Then,	 the	 Iranian	 fiasco— that	 went	 all	 the	 way	 up	 the	 chain	 to	 be resolved,	you	know.”

“Really?	 Wow.	 Doesn’t	 surprise	 me,	 though.	 So,	 they	 want	 to	 monitor

everything	you	say	while	you’re	away	from	them.	That’s	what	I	reckon	is	happening

there,”	Darren	replied.

Anna	nodded	her	head	in	response	and	didn’t	say	anything.

“If	I	were	 you,	 I’d	spend	 less	 time	 there	and	more	time	at	your	 parents’	place.

Make	sure	you	check	your	parents’	place	for	bugs	before	I	get	there.	I	don’t	want	to

slip	up	and	say	something	over	the	dinner	table	after	having	a	good	meal	and	a	few

too	many	wines,”	Darren	said	jokingly	with	a	clever	smile.

Anna	frowned.	“You’re	not	going	to	reveal	anything	to	my	parents,	Darren,	so

don’t	even	say	things	like	that.	I’ll	make	sure	that	the	place	is	clean,	though.	I	can’t imagine	 how	 anyone	 would	 slip	 in	 there	 and	 bug	 their	 place,	 though.	 They’re always	there.	It’ll	be	so	good	to	just	relax	and	enjoy	the	countryside.”

Darren	put	his	arm	around	her,	and	she	readjusted	herself	so	she	was	closer	to

him	 as	 the	 wind	 picked	 up.	 Several	 cars	 honked	 their	 horns	 over	 on	 the	 street nearby,	which	caught	their	attention.	Someone	undid	a	window	and	started	yelling

obscenities	 at	 another	 driver;	 one	 could	 determine	 as	 much	 without	 speaking

Italian.	“I	have	some	things	to	tell	you,”	Darren	said	as	he	refocused	his	attention

on	her.	She	was	the	only	female	in	the	world	that	Darren	could	talk	to	like	this.

So,	voices	hushed,	he	told	her	everything.	He	told	her	about	the	bodies	and	the

fire	 and	 how	 he	 wasn’t	 sure	 yet	 who	 had	 really	 caused	 it.	 He	 told	 her	 about	 the

mercenaries	from	Kruger—how	they	had	teleported	into	the	area	and	left	it	just	as fast	as	if	they	had	split	open	the	seams	of	reality.

“And	the	base	beneath	Diego	Garcia!	That	was	awesome.	It	had	to	have	been	at

least	a	mile	under	the	ocean.”

“I	know	that	there	was	some	kind	of	breach,	but	that’s	about	it,”	Anna	replied.

“It	was	wild.	I	keep	thinking	that	I’ve	seen	everything	this	job	has	to	offer	me,

but	 then	 something	 else	 gets	 thrown	 in	 my	 face,”	 said	 Darren.	 He	 thought	 about the	watch	when	he	said	it.

For	a	moment,	he	debated	telling	Anna	about	what	he’d	found,	but	he	quickly

decided	against	it.	Not	until	he	knew	more	about	the	watch’s	origins.	Darren	didn’t

want	to	put	Anna	into	undue	danger.

Anna	listened	patiently,	but	before	long,	Darren	could	tell	that	she	was	holding

back	 something	 so	 he	 asked	 her,	 “You	 look	 like	 you	 want	 to	 tell	 me	 something.

What	did	you	want	to	tell	me?”

He	was	right.	She	smiled	at	him	as	she	rubbed	the	front	of	his	chest	through	the

jacket	that	he	was	wearing.	“It’s	.	.	.	not	as	exciting,”	admitted	Anna.	“Actually,	why don’t	we	get	something	to	eat	first?”

Darren	raised	his	brows.	“All	right?	Whatever	you	want	to	do	is	fine	with	me.”

“I	want	garlic	bread.”

“Then	we’ll	get	garlic	bread,”	he	told	her	as	they	started	looking	around	to	see

what	their	options	were.

Several	pigeons	flew	over	them.	One	pooped	in	the	air	and	the	bird	shit	narrowly

missed	them.

“Count	 yourself	 lucky,	 mate,”	 Darren	 said	 as	 he	 looked	 at	 the	 birds	 that	 were flying	away.

“They’re	probably	laughing	at	us,”	Anna	said,	laughing.

It	 wasn’t	 too	 much	 later	 that	 they	 found	 themselves	 seated	 at	 an	 Italian

restaurant	 on	 the	 other	 side	 of	 town.	 The	 decor	 was	 simple	 and	 old	 fashioned.

There	was	a	free	basket	of	garlic	bread	at	the	centre	of	the	table.	While	they	waited

for	 their	 order	 to	 be	 filled,	 Darren	 prodded	 again.	 “So	 what	 did	 you	 want	 to	 tell

me?”

Anna	busied	herself	with	another	bite	of	bread.

Darren	said,	“You’ve	put	it	off	so	much	that	I’m	 really	curious	now.”

“I	.	.	.	suppose	you	won’t	let	me	put	it	off	until	after	we	eat?”

“I	would	really	rather	know	now.	Is	something	wrong?	Did	something	happen?”

“No,	no,	nothing’s	wrong.	I	mean,	well,	maybe.	I	hope	you	don’t	think	it’s	a	bad

thing.”

“Love,	why	don’t	you	tell	me?”	Darren	reached	across	the	table,	taking	hold	of

Anna’s	hand	and	giving	it	a	reassuring	squeeze.	“Whatever	it	is,	we’ll	work	through

it	together.”

Anna	broke	down.	She	blurted	out,	“I’m	pregnant!”	Then,	she	pulled	her	hand

away	and	covered	her	face	with	it.

Darren	froze.	It	was	like	time	had	stopped.	“.	.	.	pregnant?”

Anna	couldn’t	bring	herself	to	speak.	She	nodded	instead.

Warmth	bloomed	in	Darren’s	chest.	He	asked,	“You	mean	we’re	going	to	have	a

kid?”

Anna	nodded	again.	She	still	didn’t	move	her	hands.

“Why	 are	 you	 acting	 like	 that’s	 a	 bad	 thing?”	 Darren	 tugged	 her	 hands	 away from	her	face.	“There’s	no	one	else	I	would	rather	have	a	family	with.”

Anna’s	heart	all	but	melted.	“Do	you	really	mean	that?”

“Of	course	I	do,”	said	Darren.	“Why	would	you	think	that	this	would	be	a	bad

thing?”

“Just—with	 our	 line	 of	 work,”	 said	 Anna.	 Haltingly,	 she	 explained	 why	 it	 had taken	 so	 long	 for	 her	 to	 tell	 him,	 and	 why	 it	 had	 been	 a	 cause	 of	 worry	 for	 her instead	of	one	to	celebrate.

Darren	told	her,	“Don’t	worry	about	those	bastards.	This	is	a	good	thing,	babe.

It’s	something	we	can	control	if	we	plan	ahead.”	Anna	reached	for	her	glass	as	the

waitress	returned	with	two	glasses	of	water,	which	had	ice	in	them.	She	was	thirsty

and	 hoped	 the	 water	 wouldn’t	 wreak	 havoc	 on	 her	 digestive	 system	 because	 she’d had	bad	water	that	put	her	in	the	hospital	when	she	was	in	Costa	Rica—a	story	she

proceeded	to	tell	Darren.

A	few	minutes	later,	their	food	arrived.	They	spent	the	rest	of	the	meal	pointedly

avoiding	any	talk	of	work.	Anna	suggested	that	she	might	look	at	places	to	live	in

Florida,	where	her	parents	had	retired.

“It	would	be	nice,”	she	said.	“If	they	got	to	know	their	grandparents.”

“That’s	 a	 good	 thought,”	 said	 Darren.	 “I’m	 not	 sure	 how	 long	 I	 can	 sit	 still, though,	and	Florida	would	be	a	long	way	from	home	for	me.	Even	now	I’m	fixing

to	 go	 back	 to	 Australia,	 but	 I	 mean	 we	 could	 try	 it	 out	 and	 see	 how	 it	 all	 goes,”

Darren	said	as	he	tried	the	food.

A	few	moments	later,	she	suggested,	“The	beaches	there	are	nice	all	year	round.

It	would	be	a	good	place	to	get	married.”

Darren	choked	on	his	pasta.

Quickly	Anna	added,	“Just	a	thought,	babe.	We	don’t	have	to	rush	to	it,	or	do	it

at	all,	even.”

“That’s	 a	 pretty	 heavy	 topic.	 I	 just—wasn’t	 expecting	 any	 of	 this	 today.	 No wonder	you	took	your	time	trying	to	figure	out	your	approach.	You’re	hitting	me

with	a	double	whammy	here,	Anna.	I’m	trying	to	be	cool	with	the	news,	but	don’t

drop	all	of	this	on	me	at	once.	Holy	cow,	mate.”

Anna	looked	down	at	the	table	and	felt	bad.	“Sorry.	My	mind	is	full	of	ideas	and

plans	at	the	moment.	If	it	helps,	I	wasn’t	expecting	you	to	tell	me	you	were	almost

blown	to	bits	in	Diego	Garcia.”

“The	fire	 was	pretty	serious.	Multiple	people	were	lost	.	.	.”

Anna	said,	“We	live	a	strange	life,	don’t	we?”

“We	do,	but	I’m	happy	about	it.	I	wouldn’t	have	met	you	if	our	life	wasn’t	so

out	of	this	world.”

“That’s	a	horrible	joke!”

“You	love	it,”	said	Darren,	grinning	at	her.

Sheepishly,	Anna	admitted,	“You’re	right,	I	do,”	as	she	took	a	bite	of	her	garlic

bread.	Darren	started	thinking	of	ways	to	tell	her	he	needed	space	to	think	about

things	but	they	were	on	a	limited	timeline	for	their	stay	in	the	United	States.

“Would	you	mind	if	I	took	some	alone	time	to	soak	in	what	you’ve	just	told	me?

There’s	 a	 national	 park	 in	 upper	 New	 York	 State	 that	 has	 a	 lot	 of	 people	 going missing	in	it.	I	wanted	to	check	that	place	out	for	years	since	I	heard	about	some

guy	named	David	Paulides	investigating	people	going	missing	from	National	Parks

all	over	the	world.”

Anna	 thought	 about	 what	 he	 was	 saying.	 “No.	 I	 can	 understand	 what	 you’re

saying.	I	can	fly	out	next	week	to	go	see	the	apartment	in	Florida	and	then	make	my

way	 over	 to	 my	 parents’	 place.	 You	 can	 meet	 me	 there	 as	 soon	 as	 you’re	 finished exploring.	I’m	okay	with	that.	We	need	to	get	out	the	head	space	that	we’re	in	and

figure	out	a	new	direction,”	she	replied	as	she	looked	into	his	eyes.

They	spent	the	week	together,	pretending	to	be	tourists	like	everyone	else.	By	the

time	Anna	was	ready	to	fly	south,	to	Florida,	all	of	the	tension	had	seeped	out	of

them.	 Darren	 was	 able	 to	 see	 her	 off	 just	 like	 any	 other	 couple	 might	 do,	 with	 a lingering	kiss	and	a	promise	to	check	in	with	her	later.

It	wasn’t	until	after	Anna	was	gone	and	Darren	had	returned	to	his	hotel	room

that	he	began	to	feel	unsettled	again.	He	pulled	the	suitcase	out	from	under	his	bed,

where	he’d	hidden	it,	and	packed	his	gear.

Darren	left	in	the	middle	of	the	night,	hiring	an	Uber	to	take	him	out	of	the	city

and	 up	 to	 Lewis,	 New	 York.	 There,	 he	 found	 the	 sealed	 missile	 silo.	 He	 had	 no intention	of	going	to	any	National	Park.

When	he	arrived,	there	were	only	a	few	mountains	and	a	lot	of	forest	to	be	seen,

but	eventually,	he	found	his	way	to	the	paved	roadway	that	went	up	a	hill.	When	he

came	to	the	place	in	question,	Darren	knew	that	this	was	going	to	be	the	start	of

unravelling	the	mystery	of	the	USB	drive.	He	was	prepared	for	the	worst	with	six

days	of	water	in	his	rucksack—along	with	a	few	MREs	and	a	ton	of	batteries	for	his

lantern	and	headlamp.	There	was	no	telling	what	he	was	about	to	face	down	there.

Darren	 staked	 the	 place	 out	 before	 making	 a	 move.	 Several	 of	 the	 silos	 were open,	 and	 people	 trickled	 from	 their	 bowels,	 looking	 less	 like	 scientists	 and	 more like	sketchy	businessmen.	Some	of	them	were	off	the	beaten	track,	sealed	until	the

hidden	opening	switch	was	hit.

The	 print-outs	 had	 explained	 that	 the	 silo	 in	 question	 was	 beside	 a	 big	 blue granite	boulder.	There	was	a	six-figure	grid	reference	to	confirm	the	exact	position,

and	 he’d	 gotten	 a	 topographical	 map	 from	 a	 geology/mining	 store	 before	 he’d	 set out	on	his	journey.	Once	he	was	familiar	with	the	area,	he	became	a	tourist	again

and	 walked	 around	 and	 checked	 out	 the	 sights	 around	 the	 area.	 He	 waited	 until nightfall	to	seek	out	the	silo	in	question.

Upon	locating	it,	Darren	dug	around	at	the	base	of	the	boulder	until	he	found	a

small	 hole	 in	 the	 stone.	 It	 was	 the	 size	 for	 a	 finger	 to	 go	 into.	 Hoping	 that	 this wouldn’t	 end	 poorly	 for	 him,	 Darren	 wedged	 his	 finger	 into	 the	 hole,	 feeling around	until	he	found	a	rubber-encased	button.

He	pressed	it.

There	was	a	low	rumble.	The	stone	split	open	exposing	a	numeric	keypad,	and

two	buttons.	One	was	green	and	the	other	was	red.

Darren	pressed	the	green	button	first,	and	then	entered	the	code	that	had	been

in	the	handwritten	letter.	There	was	a	hiss.	The	sound	of	hydraulics	moving.	The

side	of	the	silo	opened	up.	Darren	pushed	the	boulder	closed	again.	It	returned	to

its	original	shape	a	few	moments	later.

Adjusting	one	of	the	shoulder	straps	on	his	rucksack,	Darren	went	into	the	silo.

It	led	into	what	appeared	to	be	the	main	control	room.	It	was	empty	and	dark,	as

though	no	one	had	been	through	in	a	very	long	time.	The	air	smelled	stale.	He	then

heard	 a	 sound	 behind	 him	 and	 turned	 to	 see	 the	 hydraulic	 doors	 closing	 behind him.

He	 pulled	 a	 miniature	 flashlight	 out	 of	 his	 back	 pocket	 and	 flicked	 it	 on.	 The thin	beam	of	light	cut	through	the	haze.	There	were	directions	and	floor	numbers

painted	on	the	walls.	Darren	took	note	of	them,	moving	from	floor	to	floor,	passing

through	the	dark	hallways	until	he	reached	Level	Seven.

Clearly,	 no	 one	 would	 be	 coming	 by	 here.	 Darren	 was	 able	 to	 take	 his	 time, searching	 the	 ground	 level.	 It	 was	 far	 larger	 than	 he	 had	 been	 expecting,	 and	 his flashlight	wasn’t	very	powerful,	which	made	things	quite	eerie	because	the	first	floor appeared	to	be	so	vast	in	scale.	You	could	drive	vehicles	in	through	the	main	door

and	there	was	an	actual	cement	road	behind	it,	which	he	was	now	walking	on.	The amount	of	stuff	that	could	have	been	transported	in	or	out	of	the	place	would	have

been	 a	 lot.	 As	 he	 walked	 forward	 into	 the	 darkness	 that	 surrounded	 him,	 Darren kept	an	eye	out	for	booby	traps	and	alarms.	Whoever	had	built	this	facility	could

have	placed	them	anywhere.

His	thoughts	started	taking	him	down	a	dark	path.	Since	this	was	a	government

facility,	 which	 could	 still	 be	 active,	 there	 could	 be	 robots	 in	 place—armed	 and programmed	 to	 monitor	 the	 passageways	 underground	 with	 thermal	 imaging.	 If

that	 was	 the	 case	 they	 would	 detect	 his	 presence	 quite	 easily	 as	 he	 walked	 toward whatever	sentry	was	there.	Or	instead	of	attacking	him,	it	could	just	as	easily	send

out	a	silent	alarm	and	an	armed	team	might	respond.

The	dark	could	hide	many	things.	He	hoped	that	he	didn’t	come	across	any	of

them.





Chapter	8

Level	Seven

September	13,	1993

The	relief	that	Darren	felt	when	he	reached	Level	Seven	was	bone-deep.	The

metal	doors	in	front	of	it	were	sealed	shut.	He	pulled	the	folded	papers	out	of	his

rucksack	and	looked	them	over,	using	the	flashlight	to	read	the	tiny	print.

“Okay,”	he	told	himself.	“That’s	not	too	bad.	I	can	do	that.”

Not	 too	 far	 away	 was	 a	 staircase.	 The	 sound	 of	 his	 steps	 echoed	 in	 the	 empty hallway.	 Beneath	 the	 stairs	 was	 a	 metal	 case,	 just	 as	 the	 notes	 had	 instructed.	 He flipped	open	the	top	 of	it	 and	 pushed	 the	 button.	There	 was	a	hiss	 of	 hydraulics, and	when	Darren	turned	around,	he	found	that	a	panel	had	opened	up	beside	the

door.

Darren	punched	in	the	code	from	the	pages:	eight,	seven,	nine,	three.

The	doors	opened	with	a	click.	They	slid	apart.

This	was	clearly	a	storage	facility	of	some	kind.

Or	a	rogue	CIA	agent	found	a	good	hiding	spot	for	their	secret	trove	of	information, thought	Darren	bitterly.

There	 were	 too	 many	 unanswered	 questions	 for	 him	 to	 even	 make	 a	 guess.

Maybe	the	person	who	wrote	the	letter	was	the	rogue	agent.

It	was	too	early	to	know.

The	deeper	into	the	storage	room	Darren	went,	the	worse	the	air	smelled.	It	was

the	 unmistakable	 reek	 of	 a	 rotting	 body.	 The	 putrid	 odour	 was	 one	 that	 Darren encountered	a	lot	in	his	line	of	work.

After	 a	 bit	 of	 searching,	 Darren	 came	 upon	 a	 body	 bag.	 There	 was	 someone

inside	 it.	 Darren	 walked	 up	 to	 it	 to	 examine	 what	 kind	 of	 a	 body	 bag	 it	 was.	 It looked	 like	 it	 was	 a	 military	 issue.	 If	 there	 was	 information	 to	 hide	 in	 the	 storage room,	putting	it	in	a	bag	that	had	a	rotting	body	inside	it	would	have	been	wise.

Did	he	want	to	test	that	theory?	He	debated	the	pros	and	cons	of	opening	it	up.

On	one	hand,	he	would	love	to	know	who	was	in	there.	Maybe	they	would	have

ID	on	them	or	another	handwritten	letter	or	a	USB	stick.

On	 the	 other	 hand,	 body	 bags	 were	 designed	 to	 keep	 the	 smell	 inside	 the	 bag when	 sealed.	 Already,	 some	 of	 the	 odour	 was	 seeping	 out	 of	 it.	 If	 he	 unzipped	 it, there	might	be	no	choice	but	to	abandon	the	room	completely.	The	air	in	the	room

would	then	be	toxic.

Darren	decided	against	it.

He	 moved	 deeper	 into	 the	 room.	 It	 was	 furnished	 with	 what	 appeared	 to	 be	 a small	maritime	boat	connected	to	a	sixteen-volt	battery	system.	A	power	cell	used	a

chemical	reaction	to	charge	the	battery	bank.	Everything	was	still	powered	because

it	was	self-producing	energy.

Darren	moved	to	the	fridge,	hesitantly	pulling	it	open.	He	was	expecting	sample

tubes,	 maybe	 some	 rotten	 food.	 Instead,	 he	 was	 met	 with	 the	 sight	 of	 a	 human eyeball	 resting	 inside	 a	 Bick’s	 pickle	 glass	 jar	 that	 was	 full	 of	 some	 kind	 of	 clear fluid.

“Disgusting,”	muttered	Darren.

The	 freezer	 was	 no	 better.	 It	 was	 caked	 in	 ice.	 A	 single	 sandwich-sized	 ziplock bag	 was	 inside.	 Darren	 poked	 at	 it	 until	 he	 was	 able	 to	 make	 out	 the	 contents:	 a gauze-wrapped	human	finger.

It	was	frozen	solid.

Even	more	unsettled,	Darren	moved	through	the	room.	Half-obscured	behind	a

file	 cabinet,	 there	 was	 another	 door.	 It	 required	 a	 fingerprint	 and	 an	 eye	 scan	 to open.

Suddenly,	he	realized	the	purpose	of	the	human	remains.

“Bloody	brilliant,”	he	said,	going	back	to	the	fridge.	He	grabbed	the	eye	and	the

finger,	 using	 them	 to	 open	 up	 the	 door.	 After	 they	 were	 scanned,	 a	 green	 light turned	on.

The	 door	 hissed,	 clicked,	 and	 then	 slid	 open.	 Darren	 made	 sure	 to	 replace	 the items	in	the	fridge	and	freezer,	not	wanting	to	leave	anything	out	that	might	give

his	position	away.

The	next	room	had	a	lot	of	shelving	that	was	full	of	stuff.	It	was	filled	with	boxes

of	all	shapes	and	sizes,	as	well	as	quite	a	few	ancient-looking	sea	trunks.

“Shit,”	he	said.	He	shrugged	off	his	rucksack.	“Guess	it’s	a	damn	good	thing	I

planned	on	being	here	for	a	while.”

Several	very	long	days	and	nights	were	spent	inside	the	missile	silo,	reading	and

studying	the	hidden	contents	of	the	storage	bins.

There	were	files	here	from	both	the	FBI	and	the	CIA.	Everything	was	classified

to	the	nth	degree.	No	one	was	meant	to	find	them.	There	were	manila	folders	with

Central	 Intelligence	 Agency	 stamped	 on	 the	 fronts	 of	 them.	 Several	 of	 the	 books contained	the	logo	of	the	FBI.

And	the	sea	trunks?

Well,	they	held	the	most	damning	find	out	of	all	of	it.

Files,	diaries,	pocket-sized	notebooks,	and	prototypes	made	by	Nikola	Tesla.

This	 proves	 it,	 thought	 Darren.	 The	 poor	 bloke	 that	 got	 blown	 up	 had	 to	 be CIA.	They’re	the	only	folks	allowed	on	Diego	Garcia.

Nearing	 the	 end	 of	 the	 third	 day,	 Darren	 found	 a	 file	 labelled	 “KT-P2.”	 It contained	the	truth	behind	the	P2	project.

A	man	named	Werner	Von	Braun	had	put	it	together,	all	the	way	back	in	1936.

Tesla	had	been	the	lead	scientist	on	the	project.	It	was	the	beginning	design	for	the

electrical	propulsion	system	for	a	flying	saucer.

Werner	Von	Braun	had	also	requested	designs	for	rockets,	and	Tesla	had	created

the	 design	 for	 a	 missile	 system	 that	 could	 be	 directed	 from	 the	 ground	 to	 any destination.

“Even	 the	 damn	 moon,”	 said	 Darren,	 amazed	 by	 the	 blueprints.	 “Damn	 it	 to

Hell	and	back!”

The	 only	 thing	 that	 was	 required	 was	 that	 the	 laser	 beam	 guiding	 it	 not	 be interrupted.	Almost	immediately,	Darren	realized	that	Tesla’s	idea	could	be	used	to

take	 a	 ship	 into	 space	 and	 from	 there	 a	 second	 ship	 could	 be	 released	 and	 sent deeper	 into	 the	 solar	 system	 fueled	 by	 a	 laser	 beam	 being	 focused	 on	 it	 from	 the

original	ship.	This	could	allow	for	colonization	or	the	movement	of	supplies.

Using	this	system,	the	space	inside	the	rocket	that	was	meant	for	fuel	could	be

used	 to	 carry	 other	 things	 to	 other	 countries,	 planets,	 stars,	 or	 moons.	 At	 first, Darren	was	just	amazed	by	the	information.	The	fact	that	this	could	have	reached

the	 moon—or	 anywhere,	 really!	 The	 uses	 this	 technology	 would	 have	 had!	 The

accomplishments	that	mankind	could	have	had	if	it	hadn’t	been	hidden	away	by	a

chosen	few.

It	 wasn’t	 until	 he	 read	 over	 the	 last	 page	 of	 the	 file	 that	 Darren	 realized furthering	 the	 study	 of	 the	 universe	 hadn’t	 been	 the	 impetus	 for	 this	 device’s creation.	 They	 weren’t	 trying	 to	 improve	 trade	 between	 nations	 or	 help	 mankind advance	into	space.

No.

The	Nazi’s	had	very	real	ambitions	to	colonize	other	planets	in	the	solar	system,

but	they	wanted	to	do	it	with	their	people.	Nobody	else.

It	was	a	chilling	thought.	Darren	could	only	hope	that	they	hadn’t	managed	to

succeed.	 He	 moved	 deeper	 into	 the	 room,	 figuring	 that	 the	 most	 secret	 of	 files would	be	kept	near	the	back.	Boxes	were	stacked	on	top	of	wooden	pallets.

It	was	in	these	boxes	that	Darren	found	several	pocket-sized	notebooks.	None	of

them	had	a	blank	page.	He	picked	one	and	started	panning	through	the	pages,	and

then	 eventually	 he	 recognized	 words	 that	 drew	 him	 in	 further.	 They	 were	 words that	he	knew	through	the	work	he	had	done	for	Anna.	The	major	discovery	for	the

night	so	far	had	been	the	details	that	had	come	from	the	KT-P2	project	back	in	Los

Alamos,	New	Mexico,	in	1936,	which	Tesla	may	have	been	in	charge	of.

The	writing	was	so	fine	and	the	details	were	so	large	he	took	a	break	from	that

notebook	and	went	into	a	file	folder.	This	one	detailed	the	events	that	took	place

during	 the	 Philadelphia	 experiment.	 Nikola	 had	 been	 involved	 in	 that	 too,	 it seemed.

First	was	the	cover	story.	Then,	the	 real	story.

October	28,	1943

The	goal	of	the	Philadelphia	Experiment	was	to	create	a	product	that	could

make	ships	invisible	to	radar.	The	result	exceeded	all	expectations.

The	 US	 Navy	 destroyer	 known	 as	 Eldridge	 was	 placed	 in	 a	 powerful

electromagnetic	field.

Not	 only	 did	 the	 experiment	 exceed	 in	 cloaking	 the	 ship	 from	 the	 radars	 and screens,	 but	 it	 also	 managed	 to	 cause	 the	 ship	 to	 dematerialize	 and	 then	 re-materialize	hundreds	of	miles	away,	at	the	military	base	in	Norfolk,	Virginia.

Several	 members	 of	 the	 crew	 were	 found	 dead.	 Three	 men	 were	 located	 in	 the metal	between	the	flooring	and	the	walls	of	the	ship.	Those	who	were	left	alive	on

the	 ship	 seemed	 to	 have	 entered	 a	 state	 of	 insanity.	 A	 lucky	 handful	 of	 crew members	 found	 themselves	 located	 in	 small	 towns	 miles	 away,	 with	 seemingly	 no recollection	of	the	event.

The	file	went	on	to	speak	about	how	Nikola	Tesla	and	Albert	Einstein	had	both

been	working	on	a	project	for	the	US	Navy	at	the	Philadelphia	Naval	Yard	at	the

same	time.

As	Darren	turned	another	page,	he	came	to	the	conclusion	that	they	were	men	in

charge	 of	 creating	 the	 electromagnetically	 charged	 invisibility	 cloak	 for	 the	 USS

Eldridge.

The	 experiment	 was	 allegedly	 based	 on	 an	 aspect	 of	 the	 unified	 field	 theory,	 a term	coined	by	Albert	Einstein.	The	theory	aimed	to	describe,	mathematically	and

physically,	 the	 interrelated	 nature	 of	 the	 forces	 that	 comprise	 electromagnetic radiation	and	gravity.

To	date,	no	single	theory	had	successfully	expressed	those	relationships	in	viable

mathematical	or	physical	terms.

“This	is	unreal,”	Darren	said	as	he	stopped	reading	and	decided	to	drink	some

water.

He	 decided	 to	 take	 out	 a	 battery-operated	 lantern	 from	 his	 pack	 and	 was	 glad that	 he’d	 had	 the	 good	 sense	 to	 bring	 that	 with	 him.	 He	 also	 had	 several	 candle

lanterns	 in	 his	 Crossfire-brand	 Plan	 B	 bag,	 as	 he	 knew	 that	 losing	 light	 while underground	 could	 really	 put	 him	 at	 a	 disadvantage,	 and	 with	 so	 many

electromagnetic	things	being	underground,	he	knew	batteries	could	get	drained	by

something	 running	 underground	 that	 might	 be	 there,	 which	 is	 why	 he’d	 made	 a faraday	cage	to	protect	some	of	the	new	unused	batteries,	which	he’d	brought	with

him	in	his	pack.

After	finishing	his	water	break,	his	next	thought	was	about	where	he’d	be	able	to

take	a	piss	or	do	a	number	two,	but	that	wasn’t	a	good	idea.	In	the	military,	you

collected	your	waste	so	dogs	couldn’t	get	a	scent,	and	leaving	behind	DNA	was	the

same	as	leaving	an	autographed	picture	of	oneself	if	it	got	taken	to	a	lab	for	testing and	 identification.	 As	 such,	 he	 was	 carrying	 a	 two-litre	 pop	 bottle	 in	 which	 to collect	waste,	and	that	would	have	to	do.	He	decided	to	get	up	off	of	the	cement

floor	for	a	little	while	and	started	doing	some	exercises	to	get	his	blood	circulating, having	stayed	in	the	prone	 position	 for	the	 past	 hour.	Some	squats.	Some	lunges.

Some	 easy	 pushups.	 Some	 lower	 leg	 raises	 and	 then	 some	 shadow	 boxing	 and

running	in	place.

After	fifteen	minutes	he	had	worked	up	a	sweat,	so	he	took	a	break	and	decided

to	walk	around	a	bit	and	look	in	some	of	the	other	old	sea	trunks.	He	had	to	bust

open	a	few	locks,	but	each	one	was	like	opening	a	buried	treasure	chest	and	there

were	so	many	to	open.	For	a	treasure	hunter,	this	was	like	finding	sunken	gold	at

the	bottom	of	the	ocean.

It	was	another	three	hours	before	Darren	found	the	last	piece	of	the	puzzle—a

CIA	file	that	seemingly	connected	everything.

According	to	what	he	was	reading,	Diego	Garcia	was	using	a	system	created	by

Nikola	Tesla	and	Albert	Einstein	that	would	keep	it	cloaked	and	keep	its	true	size

hidden	 from	 those	 flying	 over	 it,	 which	 would	 make	 it	 a	 smaller	 target.	 It	 was technology	 created	 by	 Tesla	 and	 put	 to	 use	 by	 the	 Central	 Intelligence	 Agency.

Darren	could	only	imagine	the	sort	of	havoc	this	would	cause	if	the	wrong	hands

got	a	hold	of	it!	But	that	wasn’t	even	the	end	of	it!

It	all	wrapped	back	in	on	itself!

The	KT-P2	project	file	included	side	conversations	between	Werner	Von	Braun and	Nikola	 Tesla,	 in	which	they	 spoke	 about	designing	better	rocket	 systems	 that wouldn’t	self-destruct	once	they	got	to	a	certain	altitude.	As	Nikola	explained	in	his notebook,	the	Germans	had	a	massive	problem	on	their	hands	before	World	War

II.	 Their	 rockets	 would	 blow	 up	 the	 moment	 that	 they	 went	 above	 five	 thousand feet.	 Tesla	 had	 put	 months	 of	 research	 into	 coming	 up	 with	 a	 solution	 to	 their problem—and	then	Werner	Von	Braun	had	taken	those	ideas	and	concepts	back	to

Germany	with	him,	and	Hitler	had	immediately	put	him	into	the	most	elite	branch

of	his	military;	the	Schutzstaffel,	otherwise	known	as	the	SS.

It	wasn’t	just	the	missile	designs,	though!	Werner	Von	Braun	had	also	brought

back	anti-gravity	formulas	and	ideas	on	how	to	make	better	U-Boats	for	deeper	and

faster	underwater	maneuverability.

An	 underground	 manufacturing	 facility,	 which	 would	 house	 the	 new	 German

rocket	program,	and	the	V2	rockets	were	soon	created	in	Europe	on	an	island	and

also	at	secret	areas	in	Poland	underground.	These	same	rockets	would	later	be	used

against	 England.	 Darren	 processed	 what	 that	 meant.	 The	 original	 ideas	 for	 this weapon	to	work	had	come	from	within	the	United	States!

Through	the	FBI	and	CIA,	the	US	government	had	already	been	made	aware	of

the	fact	that	the	Germans	had	hired	Tesla	to	solve	many	of	their	problems	and	that

he’d	done	his	first	bit	of	business	with	them	back	in	1914	at	the	start	of	World	War

1.	 It	 was	 at	 that	 point	 the	 American	 government	 realized	 that	 they	 had	 made	 the wrong	choice	in	ignoring	Tesla	and	brushing	him	aside.

“These	 guys	 really	 fucked	 up	 by	 ignoring	 him,”	 Darren	 said	 to	 himself	 as	 he continued	to	look	at	the	pages	in	front	of	him.

A	 man	 with	 Tesla’s	 ingenuity	 and	 genius	 could	 have	 advanced	 mankind

tremendously.	It	was	a	missed	opportunity	for	humanity’s	evolution.	There	was	no

doubt	 in	 Darren’s	 mind.	 As	 he	 stood	 up,	 he	 breathed	 in	 deeply	 and	 let	 out	 some deep	breaths.	He	was	feeling	hungry.

Mathews	went	back	to	reading	after	having	something	to	eat	using	his	camping

stove,	which	he’d	brought	with	him	in	one	of	his	side	pouches	on	his	pack.	He	used

the	rucksack	to	lean	back	on	as	he	sat	down	on	the	floor	with	his	meal	now	ready	to eat.	For	ten	minutes,	he	enjoyed	eating	some	shepherd’s	pie	on	his	ceramic	plate.

It	 didn’t	 take	 long	 for	 him	 to	 feel	 a	 bit	 more	 energy	 come	 into	 his	 body.	 He wanted	 to	 take	 a	 break	 from	 reading,	 so	 he	 could	 explore	 another	 area	 that	 he hadn’t	yet	gotten	to.	The	shelves	at	the	back	of	the	room	were	full	of	evidence	boxes

and	there	had	to	be	important	material	in	them.

Sure	enough,	his	hunch	proved	to	be	right.	He	found	more	than	just	reports.	He

also	found	personal	letters	from	Tesla	that	were	addressed	to	various	countries	and

businesses	around	the	world.	As	Darren	examined	them	he	saw	that	some	of	these

letters	 were	 written	 to	 Russian	 governments.	 Others	 were	 written	 to	 American military	 officials,	 explaining	 that	 he	 had	 created	 certain	 technologies	 that	 might interest	them.

None	had	been	responded	to.

Only	the	German	Ministry	had	responded	to	Tesla.

That	was	the	start	of	Tesla’s	partnership	with	the	Germans.	They	had	purchased

his	 technology	 when	 no	 other	 country	 had	 shown	 interest	 in	 it.	 One	 purchase	 in 1914	 had	 truly	 established	 a	 relationship.	 One	 that	 would	 foster	 a	 future	 project with	Werner	Von	Braun	in	1936	on	the	KT-P2	project.

According	to	one	of	his	personal	notebooks,	Nikola	had	managed	to	use	scalar

wave	technology	to	create	an	electrically	powered	flying	saucer!	Between	1920–1933

there	had	been	a	mad	rush	for	inventors	to	attempt	to	create	such	technology.	Many

had	tried	and	had	failed,	but	there	had	been	others	that	were	successful,	and	Tesla

had	been	one	of	them.

From	Darren’s	own	research	he’d	done,	he	knew	that	a	clairvoyant	named	Maria

Orsic,	who	ran	the	Vril	Society	in	the	early	twentieth	century,	had	also	managed	to

accomplish	 that	 goal.	 She’d	 eventually	 escaped	 Earth	 in	 it,	 heading	 out	 to	 the Aldebaran	 star	 system,	 seeking	 the	 beings	 who	 had	 helped	 her	 build	 it	 through telepathy.	And	Darren	believed	her	story	after	reading	passages	in	Tesla’s	notebooks

where	he	also	commented	on	how	he	had	not	only	overheard	ETs	talking	to	each

other	out	in	space,	but	he	believed	he	was	receiving	ideas	in	his	dreams	from	some

other	worldly	source.	That	sounded	quite	similar	to	what	happened	to	Edgar	Cayce, who	had	been	termed	“the	sleeping	prophet”	and	“the	father	of	holistic	medicine.”

His	prophecies	had	become	legendary.

There	 are	 too	 many	 coincidences,	 Darren	 thought.	 From	 his	 perspective,	 he	 was seeing	 that	 there	 was	 indeed	 a	 possibility	 that	 benevolent	 ETs	 could	 be	 out	 there prompting	 specific	 people	 to	 help	 humanity	 by	 giving	 them	 ideas	 to	 advance	 the human	 race,	 and	 the	 good	 news	 was	 that	 it	 was	 still	 happening	 to	 this	 very	 day.

Anna	 had	 talked	 to	 him	 about	 this	 very	 concept.	 At	 that	 moment,	 he	 wished	 she were	there	seeing	what	he	had	all	to	himself.	He	bet	she	would	have	a	great	deal	to

say	about	all	this.

For	sure,	Werner	Von	Braun	would	have	taken	this	information	with	him	when

he	 went	 back	 to	 Germany	 in	 1937.	 It	 was	 no	 wonder	 that	 there	 had	 been	 fifteen different	models	of	Nazi	flying	discs.	Some	had	thought	they	were	the	inventors	of	a

new	idea,	but	in	reality,	they	were	going	back	in	time	and	studying	not	only	Tesla

but	 also	 ancient	 civilizations	 that	 lived	 on	 earth	 that	 weren’t	 necessarily	 human.

Back	in	what	would	later	be	termed	the	Golden	Age.

The	 schematics	 for	 these	 models	 were	 there.	 The	 proof	 of	 their	 existence	 was right	under	Darren’s	nose!	He	knew	he	had	to	take	pictures	of	this	specific	folder.	It was	frustrating	because	he	only	had	so	much	film.	There	was	no	way	he	could	take

pictures	of	every	folder	or	notebook.	Dare	he	take	some	of	the	files	or	the	personal

notebooks?

What	he’d	uncovered	was	worthy	of	front-page	exposure.	He	felt	that	this	could

take	mankind	in	a	completely	different	direction	than	the	present	one	if	it	reached	a

side	of	humanity	that	had	good	intentions.	If	it	went	to	organizations	like	NASA	or

the	Orange	Corporation	or	the	CIA	they’d	keep	it	hidden	from	the	free-range	slaves

that	 were	 on	 earth	 to	 make	 them	 money.	 Darren	 was	 thrilled	 by	 this	 discovery, though.	Already,	his	mind	was	spinning	with	the	possibilities	of	what	could	happen

if	this	became	public	knowledge.	If	he	could	raise	the	money	and	do	a	project	by

himself	and	with	Anna	too,	maybe	they	could	escape	the	planet	as	Maria	Orsic	had

done? What	a	cool	idea,	Darren	thought.	He’d	seen	many	wrecked	ET	craft,	but	to

fly	in	one	for	real	would	be	out	of	this	world!

This	was	all	game-changing	stuff!

Already,	Darren	knew	that	there	were	other	interdimensional	beings	throughout

the	solar	system.	He	knew	that	the	galaxy	was	far	larger	than	the	general	public	was

led	 to	 believe	 too.	 And	 yet,	 for	 some	 reason,	 Earth	 was	 a	 hotspot	 for	 them.

Something	about	this	planet	was	exceptionally	special.	Anna	had	told	him	that	they

often	 came	 down	 to	 do	 business.	 They	 wanted	 things	 from	 the	 United	 States

government,	but	she	wasn’t	sure	exactly	what	those	things	were.

And	 here	 Tesla	 was,	 attempting	 to	 assist	 humanity	 into	 becoming	 an	 active

participant	in	 intergalactic	 commerce	 and	 interplanetary	 relations.	But	 the	 powers at	 be	 had	 stopped	 his	 information	 from	 getting	 out,	 and	 it	 had	 been	 taken	 away from	the	public	under	national	security	orders	the	day	after	he	had	died.

Eventually,	Darren	reached	a	point	of	oversaturation	and	decided	it	was	time	to

rest	his	weary	eyes.	It	wasn’t	an	easy	thing	to	do	in	such	a	creepy	place.	The	facility was	massive	and	he	was	the	only	person	in	there.	It	didn’t	feel	safe	enough	for	him

to	risk	getting	some	rest,	but	he	had	to	if	he	was	going	to	be	able	to	continue

reading	the	next	morning.	Even	so,	he	couldn’t	resist	checking	out	one	last	file

before	falling	asleep,	and	what	he	read	from	the	false	security	of	his	sleeping	bag

tested	the	limits	of	imagination.	The	data	concerned	Galen	Hieronymus	and	the

greatest	invention	humankind	had	never	heard	of—a	machine	that	could	draw	on

energy	from	the	fourth	dimension	and	power	all	manner	of	earthly	devices.

Naturally,	this	tech	had,	too,	been	hidden	away	from	the	world	.	.	.

By	the	end	of	the	fourth	day	though,	Darren	knew	that	something	needed	to	be

done	about	the	stinking	body.	It	was	a	struggle,	but	he	managed	to	move	it	down

the	 corridor	 to	 a	 staircase	 where	 he	 left	 it.	 Holding	 the	 railing,	 he	 made	 his	 way down	 the	 staircase	 and	 looked	 at	 all	 of	 the	 steps,	 looking	 for	 any	 lights	 hidden underneath	the	steps.	He	lit	a	cigarette	and	blew	the	smoke	onto	the	floor	to	see	if	it would	 reveal	 any	 laser	 beams	 that	 might	 trigger	 a	 silent	 alarm.	 There	 were	 none, though.

Satisfied	that	he	wasn’t	at	risk	of	being	discovered,	he	went	back	up	to	the	top	of

the	stairs	and	pulled	the	body	bag	down	them.	When	he	got	down	to	level	three,	he looked	 for	 a	 spot	 where	 he	 could	 leave	 it	 for	 the	 time	 being.	 The	 stink	 was	 quite repulsive	 and	 he	 hoped	 that	 moving	 it	 out	 of	 the	 storage	 room	 would	 make

breathing	a	little	bit	more	pleasant.

While	he	was	down	there,	Darren	realized	that	his	time	in	the	silo	was	running

out.	He	had	to	make	the	most	of	it	and	make	sure	he	covered	as	much	of	the	facility

as	 he	 could	 before	 leaving.	 Could	 there	 be	 other	 things	 the	 whistleblower	 had wanted	him	to	find?

The	only	way	to	do	that,	of	course,	was	to	get	the	real	exploration	started.	He

couldn’t	 stay	in	 the	 storage	room	reading	 files	 and	notebooks	 forever.	There	 were surely	just	as	many	secrets	to	uncover	and	expose	out	in	the	rest	of	the	tower.

Level	 three	 had	 several	 locked	 doors	 that	 had	 blocked	 out	 windows	 in	 the	 top third	of	them.	He	tested	several	handles	first,	not	forcing	anything	that	was	locked.

But	the	silo	was	dark	and	haunting.	It	wasn’t	long	before	he	began	to	get	uneasy.

There	might	be	sensors	in	other	places	too.	It	was	eating	away	at	his	mind	because

he	didn’t	want	to	miss	one	and	trip	an	alarm.	That’s	what	got	him	caught	back	in

Pine	Gap,	after	all.

Suddenly,	exploring	seemed	like	a	bad	idea.	He	would	have	to	be	more	careful

about	where	he	went	and	what	he	explored.	After	all,	if	Darren	accidentally	alerted

someone	 to	 his	 presence,	 there	 would	 no	 doubt	 be	 teams	 of	 security	 who	 would come	in	and	capture	him.	He	would	never	see	Anna	again.	They	would	kill	him	for

sure,	and	he	would	lose	the	love	of	his	life.	That	would	suck,	so	he	decided	not	to

try	 to	 bust	 the	 doors	 open.	 Instead,	 he	 walked	 up	 the	 stairs	 and	 started	 looking around	a	different	corridor	to	see	what	else	was	there	waiting	to	be	found.





Chapter	9

1896

Niagara	Falls,	USA

November	16,	1896

George	 Westinghouse	 Junior	 was	 an	 American	 entrepreneur	 and	 engineer

based	in	Pennsylvania.	He	invented	the	railway	air	brake	and	was	a	pioneer	of	the

electrical	industry,	gaining	his	first	patent	at	the	age	of	nineteen.	Westinghouse	saw the	potential	of	using	alternating	currents	in	an	electricity	distribution	system	in	the early	1880s	and	put	all	his	resources	into	developing	and	marketing	it,	a	move	that

put	his	business	in	direct	competition	with	Edison’s	direct	current	system.

In	 1885,	 Westinghouse’s	 company	 had	 already	 installed	 dozens	 of	 alternating

current	 lighting	 systems,	 and	 by	 the	 end	 of	 1887,	 it	 had	 sixty-eight	 alternating current	 power	 stations	 compared	 to	 Edison’s	 121	 direct	 current	 stations.	 This competition	in	the	late	1880s	led	to	what	has	been	called	the	War	of	Currents,	with

Thomas	Edison	and	his	company	convincing	the	public	that	the	high	voltages	used

in	 AC	 distribution	 were	 unsafe.	 Edison	 even	 suggested	 a	 Westinghouse	 AC

generator	be	used	in	the	State	of	New	York’s	new	electric	chair.

And	while	Edison	attacked	from	one	side,	Westinghouse	also	had	to	deal	with	an

AC	 rival,	 the	 Thomson-Houston	 Electric	 Company,	 which	 bought	 out	 another

competitor,	 the	 Brush	 Electric	 Company.	 Thomson-Houston	 was	 expanding	 its

business	 while	 trying	 to	 avoid	 patent	 conflicts	 with	 Westinghouse,	 coming	 to agreements	 over	 lighting	 company	 territory,	 paying	 a	 royalty	 to	 use	 the	 Stanley transformer	 patent,	 and	 allowing	 Westinghouse	 to	 use	 their	 Sawyer-Man

incandescent	bulb	patent.	The	war	fizzled	between	Westinghouse	and	Houston,	but

Edison	wasn’t	so	easily	assuaged.

In	1890,	the	Edison	company	managed	to	arrange	that	the	first	electric	chair	was

powered	with	a	Westinghouse	AC	generator,	forcing	Westinghouse	to	try	to	block

this	 move	 by	 hiring	 the	 best	 lawyer	 of	 the	 day	 to	 unsuccessfully	 defend	 William Kemmler,	 the	 first	 man	 scheduled	 to	 die	 in	 the	 chair.	 It	 was	 a	 bold	 move	 by	 the bitter	 and	 dangerous	 Edison	 but	 ultimately	 a	 failure.	 His	 gangster	 methods	 soon ostracized	him	from	all	his	contemporaries,	including	Houston.

The	 War	 of	 Currents	 ended	 with	 financiers,	 such	 as	 J.	 P.	 Morgan,	 pushing

Edison	Electric	toward	AC	and	pushing	out	Thomas	Edison.	Publicly,	the	Current

War	 ended	 in	 1892	 when	 the	 Edison	 Company	 was	 merged	 with	 the	 Thomson-

Houston	 Electric	 Company	 to	 form	 General	 Electric,	 a	 conglomerate	 with	 the

board	of	Thomson-Houston	in	control.	But	behind	closed	doors,	the	war	raged	on.

During	 this	period	after	the	public	end	of	the	War	of	Currents,	 Westinghouse

continued	 to	 pour	 funds	 and	 engineering	 resources	 into	 the	 goal	 of	 building	 a completely	 integrated	 AC	 system,	 obtaining	 the	 Sawyer-Man	 lamp	 by	 buying

Consolidated	 Electric	 Light,	 developing	 components	 such	 as	 an	 induction	 meter, and	working	with	none	other	than	Nikola	Tesla.

“Are	you	sure	this	will	work?”	George	Westinghouse	asked.

“Yes,”	 Nikola	 Tesla	 replied	 for	 the	 twentieth	 time.	 He	 was	 growing	 impatient with	 the	 old	 man.	 He	 understood	 that	 George	 was	 in	 dire	 straits	 financially.	 The inventor	wouldn’t	yield	success	or	failure.	It	would	merely	slow	down	the	process.

“It’s	 just	 that	 the	 investors	 are	 worried	 about	 whether	 your	 ideas	 can	 translate into	reality,”	Westinghouse	said.

“George,	I	don’t	care	what	investors	think,”	Nikola	said	as	he	tightened	the	bolts

on	the	lower	braces	of	his	device.

Westinghouse	scoffed	in	surprise.	“But	they—”

“It	will	work,”	Tesla	said	with	finality.

“Morgan	and	the	others—”

Tesla’s	snort	cut	Westinghouse	off.	“Morgan	can	just	sit	back	 on	his	haunches

and	 let	 the	 real	 innovators	 invent,”	 Tesla	 said	 bluntly,	 still	 incredibly	 bitter	 about the	destruction	of	his	lab	over	a	year	ago.

Westinghouse	 stopped	 pacing.	 “I’d	 be	 careful	 how	 I	 speak	 about	 Morgan	 if	 I were	you.”

“I’m	sure	 you	would.”

Westinghouse	momentarily	gawked	at	Tesla,	surprised	that	the	man	would	dare

speak	about	J.	P.	Morgan	in	such	a	calloused	manner.	He	shook	himself	from	his

shock	and	sighed.	“Is	it	ready	yet?”

Tesla	stood	and	wiped	his	hands	on	his	trousers.	He	nodded.	“Yes.”

“It	is?”	Westinghouse	sounded	shocked,	and	his	face	showed	it.

“Shall	I	flip	the	switch?”	Tesla	asked	with	a	grin.

“Yes,	do	it.	We	need	to	know	if	we’ve	wasted	our	time	and	my	money.”

Tesla	 shook	 his	 head.	 How	 could	 men	 like	 Westinghouse	 place	 a	 price	 on

science	and	innovation?	This	was	history	in	the	making.	He	had	hoped	the	old	man

would	 strike	 a	 more	 respectful	 tone,	 but	 alas,	 Tesla	 knew	 Westinghouse’s	 days	 of giddy	 excitement	 over	 the	 inventions	 of	 brilliant	 minds	 was	 long	 gone.	 He	 was	 a businessman	through	and	through.	The	joy	of	creation	was	left	to	Nikola.

“Very	 well,”	 the	 inventor	 said	 and	 put	 his	 hand	 on	 the	 switch.

“Three	.	.	.	Two	.	.	.	One	.	.	.”	He	flipped	it,	completing	the	circuit.

Electricity	exploded	from	the	devices	all	around	them.	Bolts	of	energy	whipped

through	the	air,	and	Nikola’s	hair	shifted	as	though	he	were	standing	in	the	wind.

He	 didn’t	 blink.	 He	 didn’t	 dare	 to,	 for	 fear	 of	 missing	 a	 single	 moment	 of	 his triumph.	He	hurried	to	the	window	of	the	shelter,	threw	it	open,	and	leaned	out	to

look	at	the	falls.

Westinghouse	 joined	 him	 at	 his	 side	 and	 shouted	 over	 both	 the	 storm	 of

electricity	all	around	them	and	the	torrent	of	water	from	the	mighty	Niagara	River.

“Is	it	working?”

“Wait	for	it!”	Nikola	hollered	in	return.

And	then	it	happened.	The	turbines	powered	by	Tesla’s	machines	whirred	and

chugged,	and	suddenly,	as	if	it	had	always	been	like	this,	Niagara	Falls	began	to	flow uphill.

The	two	men	cheered	with	loud	and	boyish	glee.	Victory	was	theirs.	They	had

achieved	the	impossible.	At	midnight	on	November	16,	1896,	the	first	power	from

the	Niagara	Falls	generator	reached	Buffalo,	New	York.

Several	 days	 after	 the	 successful	 test	 of	 Tesla’s	 generator,	 Westinghouse	 invited the	inventor	over	to	his	offices	for	a	drink.	He	poured	a	cup	of	coffee	and	handed	it

to	 the	 man	 with	 a	 hearty	 proclamation.	 “Tesla,	 you’re	 a	 genius!”	 He	 clinked	 his glass	against	Tesla’s.	“Everyone	is	abuzz	with	praise	for	your	work	at	Niagara.”

Tesla	raised	his	cup	in	a	silent	toast	with	a	slight	bow	before	sipping	at	the	drink.

“Thank	you,	George.	This	smells	wonderful,”	he	said	humbly.

Westinghouse	chortled,	“You’ve	really	sold	people	on	alternating	current.	I	dare

say,	you	might	have	just	settled	the	War	of	the	Currents	once	and	for	all.	If	anyone

doubts	it	after	this,	they’re	either	morons,	stubborn,	or	getting	their	pockets	lined

by	Tommy-boy.”

“Those	aren’t	mutually	exclusive,”	Tesla	said,	not	intending	to	be	humorous.

Westinghouse	snickered.	“No.	No,	they	are	not.”

Tesla	stared	into	the	dark,	still	steaming	liquid	in	his	cup	as	though	waiting	for	it

to	 reveal	 some	 hidden	 truth	 about	 his	 future.	 “Edison	 isn’t	 going	 to	 give	 up	 so easily,”	he	remarked.

“He	already	has!”	Westinghouse	boomed.	“The	War	ended	years	ago.	He’s	been

hiding	 with	 his	 tail	 tucked	 between	 his	 legs	 ever	 since.	 He’s	 attempted	 his subterfuge	 and	 bribery	 and	 even	 sent	 his	 gangster	 friends	 to	 rough	 up	 my	 people here	and	there,	but	he’s	lost,	Nikola!	And	this	is	the	final	nail	in	his	coffin.”

Tesla	stared	into	his	drink	a	moment	longer	before	sighing	and	finishing	it.	He

knew	Thomas	better	than	anyone.	He	knew	the	man	would	never	be	deterred.

Westinghouse	paused	for	an	enjoyable	drink	of	whiskey.	“I	have	a	proposal	for

you,”	he	said	and	sat	beside	Nikola.

Tesla	sat	up	straighter	in	his	armchair,	curious.	“What	might	that	be?”

“I	want	to	buy	the	rights	to	alternating	current.”

Tesla	 huffed.	 “I’ve	 told	 you	 time	 and	 again,	 George,	 I	 want	 electricity	 to	 be free.”

“Free!	 My	 boy,	 nothing	 is	 free,”	 Westinghouse	 barked	 with	 laughter.	 He	 was

already	getting	drunk.	“Materials	come	at	a	cost,	my	man!”

“I	 want	 to	 create	 a	 way	 to	 supply	 power	 without	 stringing	 wires.	 I’ve	 nearly

accomplished	this	with	the	creation	of	my	coil.	It	will	be	the	first	system	that	can wirelessly	 transmit	 electricity.”	 He	 was	 certain	 he	 could	 achieve	 this.	 He	 was	 so close.	 As	 soon	 as	 he	 was	 free	 from	 his	 obligations	 with	 Westinghouse,	 he	 would return	to	his	laboratory	and	complete	his	work.

“Until	you	conjure	 up	this	extraordinary	 method	of	yours,	 of	which	I	have	no

doubt	you	will,	how	do	you	suggest	you	pay	for	your	research?	Hm?	Money!	And	I

am	willing	to	give	you	money	for	alternating	current.”

Tesla	sighed	and	indulged	the	man.	“What	price	do	you	suppose	would	be	fair

for	something	like	that?”

“Well,	 as	 far	 as	 I	 see	 it,	 one	 lump	 sum	 would	 be	 a	 rather	 poor	 deal	 for	 you,”

Westinghouse	began.	“I	suggest	we	proceed	with	a	royalty	system.	I’ll	pay	you	a	set

amount	for	every	watt	generated.	That	way,	for	as	long	as	the	alternating	current	is

profitable,	you’ll	make	money	from	it.”

Tesla	sat	in	silence,	mulling	over	the	deal.	It	wasn’t	a	terrible	offer.

“What	do	you	say?”	Westinghouse	asked	him.

With	 income,	 Nikola	 would	 be	 free	 from	 debt.	 He	 would	 be	 able	 to	 work	 in peace	and	quiet,	and	he	could	offer	the	world	the	very	thing	it	needed	to	move	into

the	twentieth	century.

With	 that	 thought,	 he	 made	 a	 decision.	 “Very	 well,”	 he	 said	 and	 extended	 his hand	to	Westinghouse.

The	 men	 shook	 hands	 and	 then	 toasted	 each	 other	 with	 what	 was	 left	 of	 their drinks.

Tesla	would	never	see	a	penny	of	those	royalties.	Westinghouse	turned	his	back

on	the	verbal	agreement,	with	no	physically	documented	proof	of	the	deal.	With	no

mind	for	business,	Tesla	agreed	to	let	the	matter	go,	and	Westinghouse	never	paid

him	 for	 the	 rights	 to	 the	 alternating	 current—possibly	 the	 greatest	 innovation mankind	had	ever	achieved.	If	he	had	managed	to	get	it,	that	would	have	been	the

greatest	royalty	agreement	ever	made.

Tesla’s	Lab

Location:	Colorado,	United	States

September	15,	1935

Tesla	sat	in	an	armchair	in	his	lab,	his	head	resting	in	his	hand.	Exhaustion

had	built	over	decades	of	misfortune	and	missteps.	It	had	caught	up	with	him	and

finally	overwhelmed	him.

Before	his	successful	harnessing	of	Niagara	Falls’	potential	power,	the	War	of	the

Currents	had	almost	destroyed	him.	And	once	he	proved	his	abilities	as	a	master	of

electricity,	Edison	had	worked	tirelessly	to	defame	Nikola.	Thomas	had	continued

to	spread	vicious	rumours	about	the	dangers	of	alternating	current	technology.	He

had	 publicly	 electrocuted	 a	 dog	 and	 a	 donkey	 with	 alternating	 current	 on	 two separate	 occasions.	 Just	 thinking	 back	 on	 the	 incidents	 put	 a	 foul	 taste	 in	 Tesla’s mouth.

Nikola	was	sickened	when	he	thought	of	the	animals	harmed	by	Thomas	in	his

ego-driven	pursuit	of	greatness.	Tesla	was	an	avid	animal	lover	and	ethical	inventor.

He	 would	 never	 experiment	 on	 innocent	 creatures	 as	 Edison	 had.	 Just	 imagining something	happening	to	one	of	the	beloved	pigeons	he	fed	sent	a	shiver	down	his

spine.

Tesla	had	thought	that	moving	his	operations	to	Colorado,	far	from	the	prying

eyes	of	Edison	and	his	allies,	would	turn	his	fortune	around.	For	a	while,	it	seemed

to	have	worked.	Some	of	his	contacts	had	helped	him	secure	land,	and	the	clean	air

had	aided	his	experiments.	Morgan	had	even	thrown	150,000	US	dollars	at	him	for

his	 Wardenclyffe	 Tower	 project,	 which	 involved	 tapping	 into	 the	 ionosphere	 and generating	millions	of	volts	of	electricity.	Morgan	had	also	purchased	the	rights	to

51%	of	Nikola’s	radio	wave	technologies.	Tesla	had	funding	and	the	space	to	freely

experiment.	It	was	perfect.

Then	it	all	came	to	a	grinding	halt.	Tesla	had	realized	the	destructive	potential	of

his	ionosphere	project.	He	knew	that	if	the	military	of	any	country	got	a	hold	of	his

research,	 they	 would	 use	 it	 to	 bring	 down	 more	 than	 two	 million	 volts	 of	 energy from	the	ionosphere	and	destroy	cities.	He	couldn’t	allow	that.	Tesla	would	never

place	himself	in	a	position	to	become	the	destroyer	of	worlds.

Even	 now,	 sitting	 in	 his	 chair	 and	 fighting	 off	 his	 looming	 depression,	 Tesla shuddered	at	the	idea	of	what	his	inventions	could	become	in	the	hands	of	evil	men.

He	would	never	weaponize	this	technology	but	others	might.	There	was	no	way	he

would	ever	allow	it	to	be	fully	unleashed	upon	the	Earth,	so	he	came	up	with	a	plan

that	 included	 representatives	 from	 around	 the	 world	 being	 given	 a	 piece	 of	 his puzzle	and	each	country	would	have	to	work	with	the	others	in	order	to	be	able	to

utilize	his	technology.	He	hoped	that	would	prevent	mankind	from	destroying	each

other.

Tesla	 sighed. I’m	 such	 a	 hypocrite, 	 he	 thought	 as	 he	 recalled	 the	 particle accelerator	 technology,	 which	 he	 had	 been	 working	 on	 for	 over	 a	 year	 now.	 He stood	and	put	his	hands	in	his	pockets	as	he	walked	around	his	lab,	looking	at	the

device.

In	truth,	it	wasn’t	strictly	a	“death	ray.”	It	was	a	particle	beam	weapon	that	could

drop	ten	thousand	planes	over	a	range	of	two	hundred	and	fifty	miles.	His	device

accelerated	 minute	 particles	 and	 sped	 them	 up	so	 fast	that	 only	 a	 few	would	have dire	 consequences	 on	 whatever	 they	 hit.	 However,	 the	 phrase	 “death	 ray”	 had seemed	 more	 marketable	 at	 the	 time.	 He	 never	 was	 good	 at	 branding.	 That	 was Thomas’	talent.

At	the	very	least,	he	thought	it	would	grab	the	attention	of	the	prospective	buyer

he	 wanted	 to	 parade	 it	 before:	 the	 United	 States	 government.	 He	 had	 wanted	 to build	 twelve	 towers	 for	 the	 United	 States	 so	 that	 it	 could	 stop	 any	 country	 from behaving	inappropriately	or	attacking	America,	and	yet	they	had	declined.	Perhaps

it	 had	 been	 the	 cost,	 which	 he	 had	 placed	 at	 two	 million	 dollars.	 Perhaps	 it	 had been	 Thomas’	 doing—words	 whispered	 in	 the	 ears	 of	 powerful	 men	 in

Washington.	 Tesla	 would	 never	 know	 for	 sure.	 He	 also	 wouldn’t	 foresee	 the

government	 stealing	 this	 technology	 and	 developing	 it	 for	 themselves	 nearly	 a decade	later.

Tesla	looked	down	at	the	letter	on	the	table	before	him.	It	was	a	response	to	the correspondence	 regarding	 his	 particle	 beam	 technology	 he	 had	 sent	 to	 Russia

following	his	rejection	by	Washington.	The	Russians	seemed	very	interested,	asking

him	many	questions	about	the	technology	and	how	it	worked.	A	glimmer	of	hope

flickered	in	his	chest.	Perhaps	Russia	would	find	a	use	for	his	developments	and	pay

him	 for	 them.	 He	 had	 become	 desperate	 at	 this	 point.	 As	 much	 as	 he	 despised monetizing	scientific	developments,	he	needed	investors	to	back	his	pursuits.	Only

Brent	Black	had	continued	to	back	him	after	all	these	years,	and	Tesla	wasn’t	sure

how	much	longer	that	would	last.

“Your	 projects	 are	 becoming	 too	 expensive,”	 Brent	 had	 told	 him	 the	 last	 time they	had	spoken	to	each	other.	“You	need	to	scale	them	back.”

“You	can’t	put	a	price	or	a	limit	on	scientific	discovery.”

“But	two	million	dollars?	Is	it	any	wonder	that	the	government	said	no?”

“The	uses	will	far	exceed	the	costs!”

“Nikola,	 I	 like	 you,	 and	 I	 can	 continue	 to	 fund	 your	 smaller	 projects,	 but this	.	.	.	it’s	too	much.	I	don’t	think	you’re	going	to	find	any	investor	willing	to	put that	much	into	something	so	far	beyond	our	time.	Not	when	you’re	the	only	one

who’s	certain	it	will	work.”

Tesla	 reached	 forward	 to	 pick	 up	 the	 letter.	 It	 was	 written	 in	 Russian,	 but	 he knew	what	it	said	and	felt	that	it	was	promising.	He	set	the	letter	back	down	and

looked	around	at	his	massive,	high-end	laboratory.	He	would	have	to	prove	Brent

wrong,	or	else	he	might	lose	everything.





Chapter	10

Water

September	14,	1993

There	wasn’t	as	much	stink	left	when	Darren	returned	to	the	seventh	floor.

He	used	the	rags	and	water	he	brought	with	him	to	give	himself	a	birdbath,	all	the

while	thinking	of	the	shower	in	the	hotel	room	he’d	stayed	in	back	in	New	York.

Time	was	running	short.

Darren	 slept	 fitfully	 for	 a	 few	 hours.	 He	 used	 his	 watch	 to	 set	 an	 alarm,	 so	 he didn’t	 sleep	 too	 long.	 Then,	 he	 would	 go	 back	 to	 work,	 reading	 more	 notebooks and	 files	 .	 .	 .	 more	 documents	 and	 letters.	 He	 even	 took	 several	 of	 Tesla’s	 scale models	out	of	the	trunks	to	try	and	study	them.	He	was	in	awe	of	the	abilities	of

this	inventor.

Every	idea	and	concept	that	Nikola	had	researched	and	developed	was	of	interest

to	him.	He	was	a	kid	in	a	candy	store	with	no	shopkeeper	in	sight.

Each	piece	of	paper	held	a	life-changing	secret,	which	as	Darren	observed,	wasn’t

allowed	to	be	shared	with	the	public.	That	enraged	him,	for	surely	many	of	Nikola’s

concepts	and	designs	could	propel	humanity	into	another	golden	age.

One	 thing,	 in	 particular,	 caught	 his	 attention—a	 project	 of	 Tesla’s	 that	 was focused	on	weather	manipulation.	According	to	the	notes,	the	weather	is	driven	by

electrical	energy	and	moves	around	because	of	electrical	currents	in	the	ionosphere.

Tesla’s	 idea	 was	 that	 if	 you	 put	 higher	 voltages	 and	 lasers	 into	 the	 ionosphere, you	 could	 not	 only	 increase	 the	 size	 of	 the	 storm,	 but	 you	 could	 also	 move	 it	 to whatever	location	necessary.

That	one	hit	particularly	close	to	home	for	Darren.

For	decades,	Australia	had	been	in	a	desert	climate.	Rain	was	a	precious	resource

and	one	that	wasn’t	always	available.

Bush	fires	were	a	true	terror.

And	here	was	proof	that	all	it	would	take	to	change	that	was	a	single	laser	being shot	 down	 from	 a	 satellite	 into	 the	 ionosphere	 above	 a	 storm	 front.	 People	 could create	designer	storms.	It	would	convert	desert	regions	into	huge	areas	where	new

civilizations	 could	 flourish.	 It	 would	 be	 able	 to	 help	 fix	 the	 climates	 and	 rebuild uninhabitable	 lands	 into	 something	 more	 fertile	 and	 livable	 by	 bringing	 rain	 to desert	areas.

Just	these	few	files	could	save	Australia	from	drought!

Darren	gripped	the	papers	so	tightly,	it	made	his	fingers	ache.	The	page	creased

beneath	his	grip.

He	 wondered	 how	 many	 generations	 could	 have	 had	 an	 easier	 life	 if	 this	 was public.	 He	 wondered	 how	 many	 farms	 might	 not	 have	 been	 lost—how	 many

farmers	might	not	have	committed	suicide.

It	 was	 enough	 that	 Darren	 had	 to	 stop	 reading	 for	 a	 bit	 and	 cool	 his	 head.	 A clear	mind	was	needed	to	get	through	these	files.	But	what	had	the	Black	Sun	done

with	 it?	 They’d	 weaponized	 it.	 Floods	 were	 happening	 around	 the	 globe.	 Why?

Whenever	anybody	was	too	close	to	finding	out	the	truth	about	something	secret,

the	deep	state	could	use	weather	warfare	to	distract	the	population.

He	had	to	make	use	of	his	training.	He	had	to	keep	himself	separate	from	the

information	 he	 was	 receiving.	 It	 needed	 a	 clinical	 eye,	 not	 an	 emotionally	 driven mistake.

Darren	 calmed	 himself	 down	 and	 went	 back	 to	 work.	 He	 pulled	 out	 a

particularly	thick	folder,	marked	as	the	HAARP	project	and	had	an	FBI	stamp	over

the	front	cover.

HAARP	 stood	 for	 High-Frequency	 Active	 Auroral	 Research	 Project.	 It	 was	 a

government	project	that	operated	under	the	pretence	of	studying	radio	waves.	The

US	Navy,	Air	Force,	and	the	University	of	Alaska	had	all	been	involved	in	it.	They

were	studying	the	ionosphere	in	an	attempt	to	develop	new	radio	communication

technology.

But	 as	 was	 the	 case	 with	 many	 government	 projects,	 it	 went	 deeper	 than	 that.

The	 HAARP	 study	 was	 used	 to	 develop	 a	 weapon.	 This	 weapon	 used	 amplified

radio	 waves.	 It	 was	 the	 cause	 of	 myriad	 natural	 disasters,	 ranging	 from	 electrical storms	to	massive	earthquakes	to	enormous	waves,	which	could	be	manipulated	to

strike	 any	 shoreline	 in	 the	 world.	 They	 could	 attack	 an	 enemy	 right	 in	 their	 own backyard,	 it	 seemed,	 which	 was	 another	 reason	 for	 its	 secrecy.	 Once	 they	 learned how	to	do	this	trick,	any	other	country	could	do	the	same	thing.	That	was	why	it

was	kept	secret	for	so	long.

As	Darren	moved	to	the	second	page	in	the	folder,	he	learned	that	the	HAARP

facility	was	located	in	Alaska	and	that	the	antennae	attached	to	it	were	capable	of

redirecting	the	ionosphere	itself.	The	rays	were	then	redirected	back	to	the	earth	at	a very	low	frequency.	These	were	known	as	ELF	waves.

Darren	discovered	that	ELF	waves	had	a	serious	effect	on	the	earth.	It	affected

the	earth’s	magnetic	fields,	human	thoughts,	and	human	emotions.

ELF	 waves	 could	 also	 cause	 rapid	 heating	 of	 the	 atmosphere	 around	 the	 earth, which	would	then	cause	a	change	in	wind	and	weather	problems.	If	used	correctly

—or	incorrectly—entire	populations	could	have	their	moods	and	thought	processes

altered.

Essentially,	it	could	cause	people	to	become	depressed,	angry,	sad,	and	possibly

even	suicidal.

Tesla’s	technology	was	meant	to	help	mankind,	but	the	people	in	the	shadows

didn’t	see	it	that	way,	and	National	Security	Orders	were	placed	on	it	keeping	this

information	from	the	public	for	almost	a	full	century.

Darren	 couldn’t	 understand	 how	 one	 man	 could	 be	 responsible	 for	 such

incredible	things	.	.	.	and	also	be	behind	such	awful	things.	Was	this	like	Leonardo

Davinci,	 then?	 The	 man	 was	 known	 for	 his	 art,	 but	 he	 was	 also	 responsible	 for serious	 weapons	 of	 war—like	 the	 Davinci	 cannon	 and	 the	 Davinci	 tank	 and

helicopter.

It	 was	 strange,	 thinking	 about	 the	 duality	 of	 men	 like	 that.	 How	 they	 could create	just	as	easily	as	they	destroyed?

Staring	at	all	of	the	tiny	print	was	starting	to	make	his	eyes	hurt.	He	needed	a

break.	He	needed	to	think.

He	 .	 .	 .	 needed	 to	 go	 to	 the	 top	 side	 and	 get	 out	 from	 the	 underground.	 He wondered	if	he	could	sneak	out	late	at	night	and	take	in	some	fresh	air.	He	looked

at	his	watch	and	saw	that	it	was	almost	11	p.m.	People	were	still	out	partying	at	that time	of	the	night.	He	decided	to	make	himself	a	coffee	and	lit	up	his	camping	stove

again	to	boil	some	water.

While	he	waited	for	the	water	to	boil,	he	washed	himself	with	a	wet	face	cloth

and	 then	 returned	 to	 the	 pocket-sized	 notebook	 that	 had	 Tesla’s	 own	 birthday written	 in	 ink	 on	 the	 first	 page.	 As	 he	 started	 reading,	 he	 began	 understanding Tesla’s	emotions	as	he	sat	in	a	hotel	restaurant	after	almost	dying	in	a	fire.	It	was

heartbreaking	to	read	just	how	much	of	an	effort	his	enemies	went	to	stop	him	from

being	successful.

By	2	a.m.,	Darren	was	confident	that	he	could	go	outside,	but	now	his	problem

was	finding	the	buttons	that	opened	the	main	doors	from	the	inside.	They	had	to

be	in	a	room	that	was	close	by	the	main	doors	so	he	went	back	into	his	rucksack

and	pulled	out	a	ziplock	bag	that	held	the	handwritten	letter.	In	it	were	directions

that	would	remind	him	where	he	needed	to	go.

After	 finishing	 his	 last	 mouthful	 of	 lukewarm	 coffee,	 Darren	 walked	 to	 a	 door with	 a	 numeric	 keypad	 below	 the	 metal	 doorknob.	 He	 punched	 in	 a	 four-digit code,	and	the	door	opened.	Inside	the	room,	there	were	several	consoles	and	even	a

chair,	which	was	a	major	score.	Now	he	could	come	in	there	with	stuff	and	read	it

over	the	console	while	sitting.	Life	had	just	gotten	better	underground	for	him,	but

he	still	wanted	to	go	outside	to	see	the	stars	and	breathe	the	air.

After	pushing	the	green	button	to	open	the	main	doors,	he	was	greeted	by	clouds

and	rain,	but	that	was	okay	because	it	lessened	the	chances	of	being	seen	by	anyone.

Most	people	didn’t	like	walking	around	when	it	was	rainy,	so	he	took	his	time	and

spent	 a	 half-hour	 just	 walking	 around	 close	 by.	 When	 he	 thought	 he	 felt

rejuvenated,	he	went	back	inside.	A	few	minutes	went	by,	and	then	the	main	doors

closed	behind	him.

After	moving	a	box	of	files	into	the	security	console	room,	Darren	sat	down	in	a

chair	and	enjoyed	the	comfort	of	the	chair	again.	He	went	back	to	Tesla’s	pocket

diary	that	recounted	surviving	the	fire	of	1895	and	went	past	that	onto	something else.	 He	 flipped	 to	 the	 back	 pages	 and	 started	 reading	 more	 about	 a	 study concerning	work	that	Tesla	did	for	the	federal	government	in	Colorado	four	years

after	 the	 fire	 that	 destroyed	 his	 laboratory.	 He	 had	 been	 hired	 to	 help	 develop communication	technologies	for	them.

According	to	the	notes,	in	1898,	Tesla	was	at	the	peak	of	his	creativity.	He	had	a

hyper	 fixation	 on	 anything	 that	 involved	 high	 frequencies.	 His	 new	 location	 on Houston	Street	was	doing	well	for	him,	according	to	what	he’d	written,	and	he	was

able	to	create	new	inventions	at	a	rapid	pace.	His	polyphase	system	was	one	such

invention.

This	 system	 allowed	 Tesla	 to	 generate,	 transmit,	 and	 utilize	 electrical	 power.

Tesla	 believed	 that	 high	 frequencies	 could	 offer	 the	 possibility	 of	 wireless transmissions	of	both	signals	and	power.

That	 thought	 process	 led	 to	 the	 invention	 of	 what	 was	 called	 a	 Tesla	 Current.

This	 was	 the	 application	 of	 alternating	 currents.	 The	 alternators	 that	 he	 was conceptualizing	were	an	important	milestone	in	electrical	engineering	there	was	no

question.

They	 were	 the	 prototypes	 still	 used	 for	 modern	 alternators,	 and	 they	 were	 the driving	 power	 behind	 many	 of	 the	 transmitters	 used	 by	 the	 modern	 government.

According	 to	 what	 Nikola	 had	 written	 in	 his	 personal	 notebook,	 it	 was	 also	 the Tesla	Current,	which	powered	many	of	the	underground	government	facilities	too.

“It’s	 insane,”	 said	 Darren,	 with	 a	 shake	 of	 his	 head.	 “I	 can’t	 imagine	 how	 one man	could	have	pulled	all	of	this	off.”

By	 3	 a.m.,	 though,	 Darren	 was	 having	 a	 hard	 time	 focusing	 on	 the	 papers.

Regretfully,	Darren	decided	that	it	was	time	to	take	a	rest.	He	moved	to	a	couch	in

the	neighbouring	room,	bringing	his	rucksack	with	him	in	case	he	needed	to	make	a

quick	retreat.	Then,	he	lay	down	and	stared	at	the	ceiling.

Eventually,	Darren	fell	into	a	fitful	sleep,	thinking	about	Tesla.	He	dreamed	of

the	past	and	the	one	man	that	had	resulted	in	so	many	vast	changes.





Chapter	11

1889

November	20th,	1889

France

The	Eiffel	Tower’s	wrought-iron	lattices	glimmered	in	the	lights	surrounding

the	Champ	de	Mars.	The	day	had	ended	with	many	anxious	Parisians	and	tourists

awaiting	the	opening	of	the	magnificent	structure	named	after	the	engineer	Gustave

Eiffel,	whose	company	had	designed	and	built	it.	It	took	two	years	to	make,	from

1887	to	1889,	and	it	was	supposed	to	stand	over	the	entrance	to	the	1889	World’s

Fair,	only	a	week	away	now.	It	was	initially	criticized	by	some	of	France’s	leading

artists	 and	 intellectuals	 for	 its	 design,	 but	 what	 they	 didn’t	 know	 at	 the	 time	 was that	the	tower	would	go	on	to	become	a	global	cultural	icon	of	France	and	one	of

the	most	recognizable	structures	in	the	world.

The	tower	was	324	meters	tall	and	was	the	tallest	structure	in	Paris.	During	its

construction,	 it	 surpassed	 the	 Washington	 Monument	 in	 America’s	 capital	 to

become	 the	 tallest	 manmade	 structure	 in	 the	 world,	 a	 title	 that	 it	 would	 hold	 for forty-one	years	until	the	Chrysler	Building	in	New	York	City	was	finished	in	1930.

The	tower	had	three	levels	for	visitors,	with	restaurants	on	the	first	and	second

levels.	 The	 top	 level’s	 upper	 platform	 was	 276	 meters	 above	 the	 ground—the

highest	observation	deck	accessible	to	the	public	in	all	of	Europe.	The	climb	from

ground	level	to	the	first	level	was	over	three	hundred	steps,	as	was	the	climb	from

the	first	level	to	the	second.	Although	there	was	a	staircase	to	the	top	level,	it	was usually	accessible	only	by	lift.

Three	men	climbed	the	stairs	of	the	Eiffel	Tower.	Were	they	to	be	passed	by	the

numerous	tourists	that	would	later	fill	the	structure	on	the	opening	of	the	World’s

Fair,	someone	would	have	recognized	them.	Thomas	Edison	was	forty-two	years	old

and	 had	 already	 gained	 international	 notoriety	 for	 his	 inventions	 and	 cutthroat

business	 acumen.	 Next	 to	 him	 was	 the	 softer-spoken	 yet	 no	 less	 brilliant	 thirty-three-year-old	 Nikola	 Tesla.	 And	 serving	 as	 a	 barrier	 between	 the	 two	 scientists, breathing	 a	 bit	 heavier	 than	 his	 younger	 companions,	 was	 fifty-four-year-old

humorist	 Samuel	 Clemens,	 better	 known	 to	 the	 world	 by	 his	 pen	 name,	 Mark

Twain.

The	 tension	 between	 Edison	 and	 his	 former	 employee	 was	 palpable,	 the	 air	 so rigid	that	Twain	found	himself	struggling	to	breathe	from	how	anxious	it	made	him

feel.	 These	 two	 men	 were	 powerhouses	 of	 personality	 and	 genius,	 and	 the	 fire	 of their	imaginations	was	matched	only	by	their	mutual	animosity.

Eiffel	knew	of	Tesla	because	he	had	designed	the	metal	structure	for	the	base	of

the	 Statue	 of	 Liberty.	 For	 this	 reason,	 he	 knew	 all	 about	 Tesla’s	 abilities	 with wireless	communications.

Things	 had	 hardly	 been	 civil	 between	 these	 two	 men	 since	 Tesla	 left	 Edison Machine	 Works.	 Twain	 wasn’t	 even	 sure	 what	 could	 have	 possessed	 Alexandre

Gustave	 Eiffel	 to	 invite	 both	 men	 to	 the	 same	 meeting.	 His	 only	 guess	 was	 that Eiffel	 needed	 young	 Tesla’s	 extraordinary	 intellect	 for	 something	 and	 Edison	 was too	deeply	involved	in	their	societies	for	him	to	not	be	invited.

Twain	sighed	as	he	glanced	up	at	how	much	further	they	had	to	go.	At	the	very

least,	 all	 of	 this	 would	 make	 for	 good	 material	 for	 his	 next	 short	 story.	 He	 was writing	another	science	tale,	like	his	“Connecticut	Yankee	in	King	Arthur’s	Court,”

though	this	one	would	be	a	murder	mystery	set	in	London.	Whenever	he	spent	time

with	 his	 two	 brilliant	 friends,	 he	 inevitably	 learned	 some	 new	 scientific	 terms	 he could	apply	to	his	work.

On	the	final	landing	before	the	top	of	the	tower,	Eiffel	himself	was	waiting	for

the	three	men	with	a	broad	smile.

“Bonjour,	mes	amis!	Bienvenue	à	Paris.	Comment	allez-vous	çe	soir,	Messieurs?”

he	greeted	them,	heartily	shaking	each	man’s	hand,	starting	with	Edison.	When	he

came	to	Tesla,	he	lingered	a	moment	longer	than	he	did	with	Edison	and	Twain,

looking	the	younger	man	square	in	the	eye.

“You	 must	 be	 Monsieur	 Tesla!	 I	 have	 heard	 much	 about	 you.	 I	 am	 Alexandre

Gustave	Eiffel.”

“Bonjour,”	Tesla	replied	in	accented	Austrian.	“Thank	you	so	much	for	having

us,	Mr	Eiffel.”	Tesla	grinned	back	at	Eiffel.	He	took	a	quick	look	out	of	the	corner

of	 his	 eye	 at	 Edison,	 and	 seeing	 the	 sour	 look	 on	 the	 other	 man’s	 face,	 his	 grin widened.	Tesla	did	so	enjoy	seeing	Thomas	annoyed.

“Please,	Nikola—if	I	may	call	you	Nikola—call	me	Gustave.”

“Of	course,	Gustave,”	said	Tesla	agreed	and	shook	the	man’s	hand	once	more.

Eiffel	 stepped	 back	 and	 opened	 his	 arms	 to	 the	 three	 men	 in	 a	 grand	 gesture.

“Well,	 gentlemen,	 we	 have	 many	 friends	 waiting	 for	 us.	 We	 should	 go	 join	 them before	they	get	too	impatient.	I	am	afraid	I	left	the	bourbon	unattended,	so	we	must

hurry	if	we	wish	to	sample	any.”

Tesla,	Twain,	and	Edison	followed	Eiffel	to	the	top	of	the	tower.	They	stopped

in	front	of	a	nondescript	door	of	the	same	black	metal	as	the	rest	of	the	structure.	If one	didn’t	already	know	it	existed,	it	could	easily	be	overlooked.	Eiffel	stepped	up

to	the	door	and	was	about	to	reach	for	the	handle	when	he	suddenly	stopped	and

looked	over	his	shoulder	at	Tesla.

“Monsieur	 Nikola,	 what	 you	 are	 about	 to	 see	 has	 been	 seen	 by	 very,	 very	 few others,”	he	said.

Edison	 exhaled	 through	 his	 nose	 in	 annoyance.	 He	 had	 grown	 impatient	 with

Eiffel’s	sycophancy.	“Can	we	get	on	with	it?”	he	said	tersely.

Eiffel	 ignored	 the	 man’s	 gruffness	 and	 continued	 to	 grin	 at	 Tesla.	 “Only	 the most	talented	and	brilliant	people	in	their	respective	fields,	the	most	elite	members

of	 society,	 are	 given	 the	 honour	 of	 being	 here.	 That	 means	 you	 must	 never	 tell another	soul	about	this	place.	Ça	va?”

Tesla	 quickly	 nodded.	 “Yes,	 Gustave.	 I	 won’t	 tell	 anyone.”	 Nikola	 had	 grown accustomed	to	keeping	secrets,	due	in	large	part,	if	not	entirely,	because	of	Thomas.

“Good.”	Eiffel	winked.	“I	appreciate	your	discretion,	Nikola.”

When	 Eiffel	 opened	 the	 door,	 it	 revealed	 a	 secret	 apartment	 complete	 with

furnishings	 and	 a	 kitchenette.	 To	 their	 left	 was	 a	 sitting	 room	 filled	 with	 well-dressed	 men	 sipping	 bourbon	 and	 chatting	 away.	 The	 men	 looked	 up	 at	 their

appearance,	and	several	saluted	the	newcomers	with	a	raise	of	their	glasses.

“Messieurs,”	 Eiffel	 addressed	 these	 men,	 “I’m	 sure	 you	 all	 remember	 Thomas

and	Samuel.”	Acknowledgment	rumbled	throughout	the	group.

“Mark!”	 one	 of	 them	 exclaimed,	 motioning	 toward	 Twain	 with	 his	 glass.	 “So

good	to	see	you.	Did	you	jump	here	all	the	way	from	Calaveras	County?	Or	did	you

just	take	the	frog?”

The	group	burst	out	in	laughter,	and	Edison	nudged	Twain	in	the	ribs	with	his

elbow.	Even	Eiffel	chuckled.

Twain	let	out	an	exasperated	sigh	and	waved	his	hand	dismissively	at	the	group.

“No,	 I’m	 afraid	 some	 cheat	 poured	 lead	 shot	 down	 its	 throat	 and	 it	 was	 far	 too sluggish	to	make	it	here	in	time	for	the	World’s	Fair.”	This	caused	the	men	to	laugh

even	harder.

Twain	took	a	seat	next	to	his	heckler,	and	Edison	sat	directly	across	from	him,

leaving	 Eiffel	 standing	 beside	 Tesla	 and	 addressing	 the	 room.	 “I	 would	 like	 to introduce	 you	 all	 to	 our	 special	 guest,	 Monsieur	 Nikola	 Tesla.”	 Eiffel	 gestured	 to the	man.

The	 men	 offered	 greetings	 to	 Tesla,	 but	 he	 wasn’t	 paying	 them	 any	 heed.	 His gaze	locked	onto	something	to	his	right:	a	fully	equipped	lab,	sterilized,	well	lit,	and filled	with	only	the	latest	tools	and	technology.	In	fact,	there	were	many	devices	and tools	in	the	lab	that	Tesla	didn’t	even	recognize.

“Nikola!”	Eiffel’s	voice	snapped	him	back	to	the	gathering.

“Hm?	Yes?”	Tesla	blinked	and	looked	at	the	room,	almost	forgetting	where	he

was	for	an	instant.

“I	was	just	introducing	you	to	the	group,”	Eiffel	said.

Tesla	 nodded	 and	 turned	 to	 face	 Eiffel’s	 guests.	 “Yes,	 of	 course.	 A	 pleasure	 to meet	you	all.	I	beg	your	pardon.	My	mind	tends	to	wander,	and	I	couldn’t	help	but

notice	your	lab,	Gustave.”

Gustave	laughed.	“Yes,	I	thought	you	and	Edison	both	would	like	this	addition

to	the	apartment.”

Edison	 sat	 up	 in	 his	 chair	 and	 peered	 over	 at	 the	 corner	 lab,	 though	 he	 didn’t

allow	 himself	 to	 show	 any	 overt	 emotion.	 He	 may	 have	 been	 impressed,	 but	 he’d never	let	on	like	his	younger	colleague	did.

Tesla	 gazed	at	 the	lab	once	again.	 “It’s	 a	 very	 nice	 one,	 I’ll	 admit.	 Much	 nicer than	anywhere	I’ve	worked	before.”

Twain	 smirked	 and	 raised	 an	 eyebrow	 at	 Edison	 before	 throwing	 back	 his

bourbon.	Edison	glared	at	Tesla	and	sipped	his	drink	but	otherwise	acted	as	though

he	hadn’t	heard	Tesla’s	thinly	veiled	insult.

“Perhaps	I	can	give	you	a	tour	after	our	meeting	is	done,	ça	va?”	Eiffel	offered.

“Sounds	wonderful.”	Tesla	smiled	politely	and	silently	wished	he	could	tour	the

room	at	this	very	moment.	Seldom	had	he	seen	such	a	fine	setup	that	wasn’t	of	his

own	design.	He	took	a	seat	beside	Eiffel,	and	the	meeting	began.

The	men	spoke	for	over	three	hours,	and	eventually,	Tesla	grew	weary	of	waiting

and	rose	to	stretch	his	legs	and	wander	the	apartment.	He	soon	lost	track	of	what

the	men	were	saying;	he	was	too	distracted	by	the	details	of	the	hidden	home.	He

peered	 at	 the	 shelves	 and	 cabinets	 in	 awe	 of	 the	 ingenuity	 of	 the	 architects	 and engineers	who	had	been	able	to	hide	such	luxuries	within	this	wrought	iron	lattice

tower.	 The	 rooms	 had	 been	 supplied	 with	 the	 most	 up-to-date	 equipment,

including	 electric	 lighting	 provided	 by—much	 to	 Tesla’s	 disdain—Edison’s

incandescent	 light	 bulbs.	 The	 poor	 choice	 of	 lighting	 aside,	 he	 admired	 the equipment	 in	 these	 rooms,	 as	 well	 as	 the	 wrought-iron	 frame	 that	 was	 the	 tower encasing	them.

“Isn’t	that	right,	Tesla?”	someone	asked	aloud.

Tesla	was	brought	out	of	his	reverie	by	Edison’s	voice	scraping	his	eardrums.	He

looked	 around	 at	 the	 men’s	 faces	 and	 realized	 that	 any	 business	 they	 had	 been conducting	must	have	been	over	with	for	several	minutes,	replaced	by	more	of	the

good-natured	 conversation	 and	 camaraderie	 that	 Tesla,	 Edison,	 Twain,	 and	 Eiffel had	come	in	on.

“Pardon	me.	My	mind	was	wandering,”	Tesla	explained	with	a	sheepish	grin.

Edison	snorted,	but	Nikola	ignored	him	and	asked,	“Would	you	mind	repeating

what	you	said?”

Edison	replied,	“I	was	just	telling	our	friends	here	about	the	hilarious	prank	that my	manager	and	I	played	on	you	before	you	quite	suddenly	quit	Edison	Machine

Works,”	Edison	drawled,	a	smirk	tugging	at	the	corners	of	his	lips.

Tesla’s	smile	disappeared,	and	his	brow	furrowed.	“I	don’t	remember	any	sort	of

prank, Mr	 Edison,	 but	 I	 do	 distinctly	 recall	 you	 owing	 me	 a	 $50,000	 bonus	 for designing	twenty-four 	 different	types	of	standard	machines	for	your	company.”

Edison	 waved	 his	 hand	 dismissively.	 “That	 was	 the	 prank!	 Ah,	 you	 still	 don’t understand	American	humour	after	all	these	years,	do	you,	my	friend?”

All	 the	 men	 except	 for	 Tesla,	 Twain,	 and	 Eiffel	 laughed.	 Twain	 and	 Eiffel

exchanged	a	look,	clearly	concerned	about	what	this	argument	might	escalate	to.

Tesla	 clenched	 his	 fist	 behind	 his	 back	 but,	 being	 the	 gentleman	 that	 he	 was, merely	forced	a	smile	and	said,	“I	suppose	not, friend.”

As	 Tesla	 hissed	 that	 final	 word,	 everyone	 else	 fell	 silent,	 truly	 appreciating	 the animosity	between	the	two	inventors.	Some	men	dared	to	sip	from	their	drinks,	the

ice	clinking	together,	but	that	was	all	that	they	did.	No	one	was	willing	to	break	the tension,	and	some	even	anticipated	a	row.	Tesla	and	Edison	stared	each	other	down,

Tesla	 was	 trying	 to	 suppress	 his	 anger	 while	 Edison	 looked	 on	 with	 unparalleled amusement.

“Well,”	 Eiffel	 finally	 said	 with	 a	 loud	 clap	 of	 his	 hands,	 stepping	 forward	 to block	Tesla	and	Edison’s	view	of	each	other,	“it	seems	that	our	gathering	should	be

coming	to	a	close,	Messieurs.	You	will	be	contacted	with	the	time	and	location	of

our	 next	 meeting.	 Please,	 remember	 to	 leave	 either	 by	 yourself	 or	 with	 one	 other person,	 and	 try	 to	 give	 a	 few	 minutes	 between	 departures	 to	 avoid	 drawing

attention.	Merci.	Bon	soir,	mes	amis!”

The	men	trickled	out	in	singles	and	in	pairs,	with	Edison	and	Twain	the	last	to

leave.	 Twain	 offered	 a	 sympathetic	 glance	 to	 the	 other	 inventor,	 and	 with	 a	 kind nod,	 Tesla	 thanked	 the	 writer	 for	 bringing	 them.	 Soon,	 only	 Eiffel	 and	 Tesla remained.

Eiffel	handed	Tesla	a	fresh	drink	and	clinked	the	glass.	“So,	you	wish	to	have	a

tour	of	the	lab,	c’est	vrai?”

Tesla	nodded.	“Yes,	please,	if	you	would	be	so	kind.”

“Come,	then.”	Eiffel	gestured	for	Tesla	to	go	first,	and	the	two	made	their	way

from	the	sitting	area	to	the	lab.	“What	do	you	think	of	our	little	.	.	.	organization?”

Tesla	sighed	and	said,	“I’m	afraid	that	I	really	did	not	pay	enough	attention	to

pass	any	judgment.”

Eiffel	chuckled.	“Yes,	yes,	you	were	very	distracted,	it	seemed.	What	could	have

been	going	through	that	brilliant	mind	of	yours?”

Tesla’s	 posture	 straightened	 some	 at	 the	 compliment,	 though	 Nikola	 was	 far

from	 the	 egocentric	 man	 Edison	 was.	 “I	 was	 just	 admiring	 your	 accomplishment, Gustave,”	 he	 said	 politely.	 “The	 tower	 itself	 is	 impressive	 enough,	 but	 to	 fit	 an apartment	and	small	lab	inside	it	as	well?	And	for	it	to	be	completely	undetectable

from	the	outside?”

“Ah,	 yes.	 Well,	 my	 friends	 and	 I	 do	 like	 our	 privacy.	 It	 makes	 conducting business	much	easier,	you	know.”

Tesla	nodded	slowly.	“That’s	what	you	were	doing	tonight,	correct?	Business?”

“Yes.”

Tesla	felt	his	cheeks	flush.	“I	apologize	for	not	paying	closer	attention.	It	must

not	have	left	a	very	good	impression	on	the	others.”

“C’est	la	vie.	Think	nothing	of	it.	They	know	that	a	mind	of	your	calibre	can	be

hard	to	harness,	especially	when	so	close	to	technological	wonders.”

“You	flatter	me.”

“It’s	true.”	Eiffel	chortled.	“Of	course,	I’d	be	lying	if	I	said	I	invited	you	here	just to	show	off	my	toys.”	He	leaned	against	a	lab	table	that	had	been	cleared	earlier	that day,	and	Tesla	followed	suit	as	the	Frenchman	continued,	“You	see,	I’m	looking	for

someone	to	help	me	design	a	wireless	transmission	system	for	the	tower.”

Tesla’s	eyes	 widened.	 “A	 wireless	 transmission	 system?	 Me?”	 His	 eyes	 suddenly narrowed	 with	 suspicion.	 “Why	 didn’t	 you	 ask	 Thomas	 while	 he	 was	 here?	 He’s already	a	member	of	your	organization.”

“I	talked	to	him	before.	His	ideas	were	no	good,”	Eiffel	said	lazily	and	sipped	his

drink.

Tesla	couldn’t	stop	himself	from	smiling.	“I	didn’t	think	I	would	ever	hear	those words	spoken	about	Edison.”

Eiffel	 leaned	 toward	 Tesla	 and	 spoke	 in	 a	 hushed	 tone.	 “You	 must	 not	 tell anyone	 this,	 but	 I	 don’t	 trust	 him.	 I	 don’t	 think	 he’s	 as	 much	 of	 a	 genius	 as	 he wants	everyone	to	believe.	He’s	smart,	certainly,	perhaps	one	of	the	smartest	men	of

our	 generation,	 but	 I	 feel	 he	 might	 be	 more	 of	 a	 showman	 than	 an	 inventor.	 I’ve heard	many	rumours	about	him	stealing	designs	and	patents	right	out	from	under

inventors’	noses,	and	every	rumour	must	start	with	something.”

Tesla	 held	 back	 his	 dark	 thoughts	 and	 simply	 offered	 a	 polite,	 “Believe	 me, Gustave,	I	understand.”

“I	 knew	 you	 would.	 You	 see,	 you’re	 not	 like	 Thomas.	 I	 see	 much	 potential	 in you,	and	I	doubt	you	would	ever	need	to	steal	another	person’s	ideas.	The	rumours

about	you	have	been	much	more	favourable.”

Tesla’s	smile	wavered,	and	he	felt	beads	of	sweat	begin	to	gather	on	his	forehead.

He	 resisted	 the	 urge	 to	 pull	 out	 a	 handkerchief	 and	 dab	 them	 off.	 “What	 might those	rumors	be?”

“Come	 now,	 Mr	 Tesla,	 I	 was	 employed	 on	 the	 same	 site.	 I	 know	 that	 there’s something	so	secret	that	you	wouldn’t	be	able	to	tell	me	about	it	even	if	you	wanted

to.”

Tesla	 hesitated,	 then	 nodded.	 “Yes,	 you	 can	 say	 that	 something	 of	 that	 nature occurred	then.”

Eiffel	put	his	hand	on	Tesla’s	shoulder	and	gave	it	a	firm	squeeze.	“Don’t	worry.

Your	secret	is	safe	with	me.	It	just	shows	me	that	you	are	truly	the	best	of	the	best.”

“Thomas	isn’t	going	to	like	that,”	Tesla	muttered,	hidden	laughter	colouring	his

voice.

“Well,	all	the	better	for	you,	right,	my	friend?”	Eiffel	and	Tesla	both	laughed	at

the	 inventor’s	 expense.	 “So,	 before	 I	 give	 you	 a	 tour	 of	 the	 lab,	 do	 you	 have	 any suggestions?	As	you	have	seen	for	yourself,	winters	can	be	quite	harsh	here,	and	I’m

afraid	that	the	wireless	transmission	designs	we’ve	been	working	on	so	far	won’t	do

well	in	such	conditions.”

Tesla	turned	all	the	way	around,	scanning	the	room	and	imagining	the	outside of	the	Eiffel	Tower	in	his	mind’s	eye.	He	stopped	as	an	idea	hit	him.	“Gustave,	have

you	ever	considered	adding	an	antenna	to	this	structure?”



Months	 went	 by,	 and	 Eiffel	 and	 Tesla	 worked	 closely	 to	 design	 a	 wireless

transmission	 system	 for	 the	 Eiffel	 Tower.	 Out	 of	 courtesy—and	 knowing	 that	 he would	hear	about	it	eventually	and	complain—Eiffel	invited	Edison	to	join	them.

All	 the	 older	 inventor	 did,	 however,	 was	 criticize	 Tesla’s	 ideas,	 sometimes	 even mocking	 them.	 Tesla	 and	 Eiffel	 continued	 the	 project	 without	 Edison’s	 toxic

influence,	and	by	the	early	1900s,	an	antenna	was	installed	at	the	top	of	the	Tower.

A	fully	operating	wireless	transmission	system	was	installed	not	too	long	afterwards,

and	by	World	War	I,	the	French	military	was	using	it	to	search	for	communication

among	 spies	 and	 their	 contacts.	 Thanks	 to	 Tesla’s	 design,	 the	 French	 military captured	a	female	German	spy	and	hanged	her	for	the	crime	of	espionage	in	1915.





Chapter	12

Silo

September	15,	1993

Darren	knew	that	he	couldn’t	stay	in	the	silo	forever,	and	wearing	gloves	on

his	hands	for	every	minute	that	he	was	in	there	was	starting	to	bother	him.	He	had

to,	though,	because	he	didn’t	want	to	leave	any	fingerprints	on	the	material	that	he

touched.	And	he	was	moving	through	a	lot	of	what	was	there.

He	also	knew	that	he	couldn’t	read	through	every	file,	no	matter	how	much	he

wanted	too	because	time	was	running	out.

In	 the	 end,	 Darren	 decided	 to	 take	 the	 pocket	 notebook	 that	 had	 the	 date	 of birth	written	onto	the	front	page	alongside	Nikola	Tesla’s	handwritten	name.	There

was	something	about	that	specific	notebook	that	really	resonated	with	him.	Maybe

it	was	reading	about	how	low	life	had	become	for	Nikola	Tesla	after	Morgan	had

burned	his	laboratory	down	in	1895.	It	inspired	him	in	many	ways.

In	addition	to	the	notebook,	he	also	had	two	dozen	rolls	of	used	film,	which	he

would	 have	 to	 have	 developed	 by	 somebody	 that	 he	 could	 trust—someone	 who

wouldn’t	 screw	 up	 the	 development	 of	 the	 negatives.	 Unfortunately,	 he	 couldn’t take	 pictures	 of	 everything,	 but	 he	 was	 thankful	 to	 have	 brought	 his	 own	 thick notebook,	in	which	he	wrote	down	many	things	based	on	the	files	that	he	had	read.

One	 of	 the	 most	 recent	 of	 Tesla’s	 writings	 he’d	 read	 concerned	 his	 theories regarding	 teleportation.	 It	 explained	 that	 Einstein	 had	 been	 contracted	 by	 the	 US

government	to	come	up	with	some	kind	of	teleportation	pad	that	objects	could	be

sent	 from	 and	 received	 on.	 That	 contract	 had	 been	 given	 shortly	 after	 the

Philadelphia	experiment	concluded.

And	Darren	had	seen	teleportation	actually	take	place	right	outside	the	barracks

that	 he	 had	 been	 assigned	 to	 when	 he	 was	 on	 the	 base	 of	 Diego	 Garcia,	 which meant	 that	 they	 no	 longer	 needed	 to	 use	 teleportation	 pads.	 Those	 secret	 space

program	mercenaries	that	were	called	KRUGER	had	that	very	technology	built	into their	body	armour.	It	had	been	an	impressive	sight	to	witness.

Eventually,	 Mathews	 knew	 that	 he	 was	 going	 to	 have	 to	 start	 wrapping	 things up.	His	mind	was	filled	to	the	point	of	nearly	bursting,	so	he	decided	to	explore	the

facility	a	little	bit	more.	He	looked	over	at	his	rucksack	and	pulled	out	his	empty

day	patrol	bag	that	was	in	the	bottom	of	the	main	compartment.	Rather	than	carry

his	 bag	 everywhere,	 he’d	 take	 just	 the	 essentials	 to	 help	 him	 on	 his	 underground patrol.	 Things	 like	 the	 battery-operated	 lantern,	 extra	 batteries	 kept	 in	 a	 copper container	 to	 protect	 them	 from	 being	 drained,	 his	 gun,	 his	 first	 aid	 kit,	 and	 his camera—that	was	all	he	needed.

This	time,	Darren	wanted	to	venture	below	level	three	where	he’d	left	the	body

bag	and	its	contents.	He	came	to	a	fire	door	and	touched	the	handle.	There	was	no

shock	 of	 electricity,	 which	 he	 thought	 might	 occur.	 Then,	 he	 proceeded	 to	 push down	on	the	handle	and	opened	the	door.

He	 walked	 into	 a	 hallway,	 which	 had	 many	 doors,	 and	 some	 of	 them	 had

windows	 on	 them	 that	 weren’t	 blocked	 out.	 Darren	 stood	 on	 the	 tips	 of	 his	 toes, peering	 into	 the	 darkened	 rooms.	 The	 flashlight	 did	 little	 to	 help,	 as	 it	 mostly reflected	back	at	him	by	the	glass.

For	a	moment	as	he	started	to	walk	away	from	one	of	the	doors,	he	thought	he

heard	a	noise	inside	the	room	he’d	just	looked	at.	He	thought	that	there	might	have

been	movement	behind	one	of	them	.	.	.	but	that	was	crazy.	Right?	Clearly,	this	silo

hadn’t	been	in	use	for	years.	Decades,	even.

There	 wasn’t	 anything	 that	 could	 survive	 that	 long	 without	 food	 or	 water.

Nothing	on	earth,	at	least.

Darren	 backed	 away	 from	 the	 door	 some	 more.	 He	 walked	 on	 and	 looked	 in

every	 room	 he	 could.	 Most	 appeared	 to	 be	 empty.	 At	 the	 end	 of	 the	 hallway	 was another	set	of	stairs	with	a	fire	door.	He	tried	the	door	and	it	opened.	After	it	was

shut	 behind	 him	 he	 looked	 below	 with	 his	 flashlight.	 It	 was	 dark,	 and	 he	 was already	many	levels	below	level	 three.	 He	took	a	 few	more	deep	 breaths	 and	then

got	 on	 with	 it.	 He	 began	 descending	 the	 stairs	 to	 what	 he	 believed	 might	 be	 the

bottom	level	of	the	silo.

When	he	got	down	to	the	next	floor,	he	didn’t	hear	anything.	There	were	fewer

offices	down	here,	and	he	continued	forward	through	the	eerie	darkness.

He	wasn’t	one	to	spook	easily.	He’d	always	had	a	strong	constitution,	and	that

had	only	become	truer	as	he	underwent	training	over	the	years.	He	thought	of	the

job	that	the	American	soldiers	who	went	down	into	the	hand-dug	tunnels	after	the

Vietcong	 during	 the	 Vietnam	 war.	 That	 must	 have	 been	 terrifying	 to	 be	 moving through	such	a	confined	space	as	that.	He	had	lots	of	space	around	him,	but	he	was

so	far	down	and	was	totally	on	his	own	with	no	backup	to	come	to	his	aid.

But	the	dark	and	the	silence	was	starting	to	get	to	him.

He	needed	a	distraction.

That	 distraction	 came	 in	 the	 form	 of	 water	 filling	 up	 a	 great	 deal	 of	 the compartment	where	they’d	once	kept	the	actual	missile.	Groundwater	had	seeped	in

and	begun	to	form	an	underground	well.

He	grabbed	up	a	loose	piece	of	cement	and	chucked	it	into	the	water.

Nothing.

No	movement.

Darren	 figured	 it	 was	 probably	 safe,	 so	 long	 as	 he	 didn’t	 try	 to	 drink	 it.	 The birdbaths	worked	fine	the	first	few	days,	but	he	was	itching	for	something	more.

Quickly,	 Darren	 stripped	 down	 to	 his	 shorts	 with	 the	 light	 from	 the	 battery-operated	lantern	still	working	well	for	him.	He	walked	over	to	the	metal	ladder	that

was	bolted	into	the	cement	wall	and	tested	it	to	see	if	it	would	still	hold	someone’s

weight.	It	didn’t	budge	an	inch,	so	he	began	using	it	to	climb	down	into	the	water

below	at	the	very	bottom	of	the	silo.	The	water	was	deep	enough	that	he	couldn’t

touch	the	bottom.

At	first,	it	was	exactly	what	Darren	needed.	He	had	always	loved	the	water,	and

there	 was	 nothing	 better	 to	 clear	 the	 head	 than	 a	 bath.	 But	 a	 cold	 one	 like	 this moved	his	testicles	from	his	groin	up	to	his	armpits,	so	he	didn’t	want	to	be	in	the

water	for	very	long.

He	stepped	off	the	bottom	step	and	submerged	his	entire	body,	but	he	kept	his

eyes	closed.	It	didn’t	take	long	for	those	thoughts	to	change	about	this	being	a	good idea.	A	few	moments	under	the	water	and	he	came	back	up	the	ladder.	As	he	started

to	climb	up,	he	heard	a	sound	but	he	wasn’t	sure	if	it	was	caused	by	the	excess	water

that	 was	 dripping	 off	 his	 body	 into	 the	 water	 beneath	 him.	 The	 silence	 in	 the facility	was	generally	deafening.

After	 getting	 back	 to	 where	 he	 had	 taken	 off	 his	 clothing,	 he	 picked	 up	 his flashlight	and	cast	the	beam	of	light	down	at	the	water	to	see	if	he	could	illuminate

any	objects	lying	beneath	the	surface.	It	was	a	good	thing	he	hadn’t	 jumped	into	the water	because	he	did	see	some	rectangular	metal	shapes	down	there.	Suddenly,	off

in	the	distance,	he	heard	something.	It	was	just	a	soft	tone	that	repeated	itself.	He

came	to	the	conclusion	that	it	was	water	dripping	down	into	the	basin.	It	was	easily

explainable,	 but	 it	 still	 made	 Darren’s	 heart	 beat	 faster.	 Being	 alone	 in	 the	 dark	 a hundred	meters	below	the	surface	was	having	an	effect	on	his	mind.

Upon	changing	back	into	his	clothes	and	doing	up	his	boots,	Darren	came	to	the

conclusion	that	being	so	deep	in	the	silo	didn’t	seem	like	a	good	idea	anymore.	He

put	on	his	daypack	and	walked	back	down	the	corridor	and	back	to	the	staircase.

It	wasn’t	until	he	was	halfway	back	to	level	seven	that	Darren	realized	a	fog	was

starting	to	clear	from	his	mind.	He	was	able	to	look	at	things	more	rationally	now,

thanks	to	the	adrenaline	that	was	pumping	through	his	body.	He	could	think	again

and	thought	he	might	start	packing	up	once	he	got	back	to	the	top	level.

When	Mathews	reached	the	top	level,	he	went	into	the	room	where	he	had	his

personal	 belongings	 and	 changed	 into	 a	 new	 pair	 of	 socks	 and	 some	 clean

underwear	 while	 still	 using	 his	 lantern	 to	 light	 up	 his	 immediate	 surroundings.

When	he	was	ready,	he	reached	into	the	top	of	the	bag	and	opened	up	the	zipper,

revealing	his	headlamp,	which	he	then	removed	and	fit	onto	his	forehead.

As	Darren	settled	back	onto	his	inflated	mattress,	he	picked	up	another	file	and

opened	it	up.	Getting	some	more	work	done	seemed	preferable	to	sleeping.

On	the	first	page	of	the	CIA	file,	he	read	a	summary	that	explained	that	many

scientists	who	questioned	the	bigger	ideas	of	life	were	coming	out	with	huge	ideas.

One	of	those	was	Nikola	Tesla’s	dynamic	theory	of	gravity,	which	he’d	presented	to

the	world	in	1899.	But	there	were	others	too.	People	like	Faraday	were	commonly associated	with	 scientific	discovery.	Darren	continued	reading	the	grand	 summary

and	learned	that	in	1875,	Tesla	had	decided	he	wanted	to	make	a	flying	device.	It

was	 what	 originally	 motivated	 him	 to	 enter	 the	 field	 of	 engineering. Interesting, Darren	thought	as	he	turned	the	page.	By	1911,	however,	Tesla	was	working	with

conducting	 anti-gravity	 research	 based	 on	 his	 original	 theory.	 He	 was	 open	 about this	study	and	even	went	on	record	with	the	press	about	it.	That	took	some	brass

balls,	considering	how	narrow-minded	people	could	be!

His	personal	writings	that	were	in	his	notebooks	were	different,	though.	Darren

saw	 a	 man	 being	 attacked	 and	 manipulated	 from	 all	 sides.	 It	 was	 through	 these personal	 entries	 that	 Darren	 learned	 Tesla	 was	 suspicious	 of	 Werner	 Von	 Braun.

Tesla	had	documented	many	of	their	conversations	with	each	other:	they	spoke	of

ways	to	cancel	gravity,	and	elements	that	might	be	used	in	the	process	of	such	an

encounter.

These	discussions	were	covered	in	great	detail.	They	focused	on	using	Beryllium

peroxide,	thorium	peroxide,	and	mercury	as	the	key	components	in	the	studies.

The	CIA	file,	however,	surprised	Darren	most	of	all,	as	it	revealed	that	Tesla	had

worked	on	the	Statue	of	Liberty	at	a	time	when	the	United	States	feared	there	were

a	number	of	spies	plotting	the	collapse	of	the	country	through	a	clandestine	spy	ring

that	was	already	in	the	country.	According	to	what	was	in	the	rest	of	the	file,	the

Statue	of	Liberty	had	actually	been	designed	for	the	ruler	of	Egypt.	It	was	meant	to

be	an	Arabic	woman,	holding	a	torch	at	the	southern	opening	of	the	Suez	Canal	in

Egypt.	 But	 after	 construction	 was	 started,	 it	 was	 revealed	 that	 the	 ruler	 couldn’t afford	it.

Not	wanting	to	waste	his	work,	Frederic	Aguste	Bartholdi	had	to	come	up	with

another	idea.	That’s	why	he	redid	the	face	and	offered	it	to	the	Americans,	so	long

as	they	agreed	to	build	the	base	for	it.

The	money	for	said	project	was	raised	by	donations	that	Mr	Eiffel	brought	in.

That	paper	led	into	another,	which	covered	Frederic	Aguste	Bartholdi	in	more

detail.	It	was	revealed	that	he’d	been	the	head	of	the	Grand	Orient	Temple	Mason.

Both	he	and	Mr	Eiffel	were	involved	in	secret	societies,	working	together	to	bring the	Statue	of	Liberty	into	existence!

And	Tesla	was	brought	into	the	task	for	a	specific	reason	too!	The	United	States

Government	wanted	to	develop	a	wireless	communications	system	in	the	Statue	of

Liberty	 with	 which	 to	 locate	 saboteurs	 and	 spies.	 Mr	 Eiffel	 had	 suggested	 that Nikola	Tesla	be	brought	into	the	project	after	hearing	so	much	about	his	abilities,

but	he	had	kept	his	distance	from	him	as	a	matter	of	precaution	while	working	on

the	project.	Mr	Tesla	didn’t	need	to	know	who	had	recommended	him	for	the	top-

secret	job.

However,	after	the	work	was	completed,	he	had	invited	Tesla	to	France,	so	they

could	create	a	similar	device	for	the	Eiffel	Tower	and	catch	German	spies	during	the

beginning	years	of	World	War	I.

As	Darren	soon	learned,	Mr	Eiffel	had	designed	the	outside	supporting	structure

and	 the	 internal	 metal	 structure	 for	 the	 base	 that	 would	 hold	 up	 the	 Statue	 of Liberty.	“That’s	unbelievable,”	he	said	to	himself	as	he	closed	the	file	after	taking	a look	at	pictures	of	the	Statue	of	Liberty	and	the	Eiffel	Tower.

As	he	looked	at	his	wristwatch,	he	saw	that	it	was	getting	on	in	the	afternoon.	If

it	 wasn’t	 for	 his	 timepiece,	 he	 would	 have	 had	 no	 idea	 what	 time	 of	 day	 it	 was because	it	was	always	dark	where	he	was.

Over	 beside	 his	 rucksack,	 there	 was	 also	 a	 shoe	 box	 that	 he’d	 wanted	 to	 go through,	so	he	got	up	and	walked	over	to	it	and	took	the	top	off	it.	What	he	saw	in

there	was	years’	worth	of	personal	photographs.	The	collection	featured	a	photo	of	a

young,	majestic	Skorzeny	in	full	SS	Nazi	military	dress,	next	to	his	führer,	Adolph

Hitler.	 Then,	 there	 were	 photos	 of	 Reinhard	 Gehlen—an	 SS	 spy	 and	 assassin

—beside	 Dr	 Joseph	 Mengele—the	 Angel	 of	 Death—and	 Martin	 Bormann—a

Hitler	 aide	 and	 SS	 assassin.	 There	 was	 also	 a	 picture	 of	 Adolph

Hitler	 .	 .	 .	 photographed	 in	 1997	 at	 age	 107.	 That	 caught	 Darren’s	 attention immediately.

According	 to	 what	 was	 written	 on	 the	 back	 of	 the	 photo,	 it	 had	 been	 taken during	 a	 “reunion”	 at	 the	 Lake	 McDonald	 Lodge	 in	 Glacier	 National	 Park,

Montana,	on	August	27,	1997.	According	to	Skorzeny,	Adolph	Hitler	was	alive	and well	 in	 the	 US	 in	 1997!	 Either	 that	 or	 it	 had	 been	 a	 clone.	 Darren	 couldn’t	 say which	was	more	likely.

The	next	picture	he	looked	at	was	blown	out	to	an	8x10	size.	There	were	names

written	 underneath	 each	 person.	 This	 one	 said	 that	 there	 was	 a	 young	 Skorzeny alongside	 images	 of	 Mengele,	 Bormann,	 and	 the	 family	 of	 George	 H.	 Scherrf.

Seated	in	their	midst	was	a	young	teenager	with	the	name	George	H.	Scherrf	Junior

written	beneath	him.

On	the	back	of	the	print	were	some	interesting	comments.	In	typewriter	font,	a

paper	that	had	been	glued	onto	the	back	said	that	George	Scherff	Junior	had	been

trained	 as	 a	 spy	 and	 sent	 to	 America	 to	 work	 for	 Adolph	 Hitler	 and	 that	 False identification	 was	 provided	 to	 George	 H.	 Scherrf,	 junior	 to	 ensure	 that	 it	 was believed	 that	 George	 Scherff	 Senior	 was	 his	 real	 father.	 Below	 that	 there	 was	 one more	sentence	that	changed	everything.	George	Scherff	Senior	changed	his	name	to

Prescott	Bush,	and	his	son	also	changed	his	name	to	George	Herbert	Walker	Bush

—the	forty-first	president	of	the	United	States.

They	 even	 went	 so	 far	 as	 to	 forge	 a	 birth	 certificate!	 They	 were	 in	 the	 box.

Somebody	 had	 accumulated	 all	 kinds	 of	 pictures	 that	 showed	 who	 the	 Nazis	 had become	after	they’d	been	brought	to	America.	This	was	game-changing	information

Mathews	 thought	 to	 himself	 as	 he	 sat	 back	 against	 a	 wall	 and	 absorbed	 the information	that	he’d	just	discovered.	George	Herbert	Walker	Bush	wasn’t	just	the

forty-first	 president	 of	 the	 United	 States.	 He’d	 also	 been	 the	 director	 of	 the	 CIA, which	had	been	made	up	in	part	by	Odessa.	This	proved	that	the	Fourth	Reich—

i.e.,	 the	 Order	 of	 the	 Black	 Sun—had	 infiltrated	 the	 United	 States	 and	 taken control	of	it	while	imposing	economic	slavery,	making	long-term	plans	for	a	global

takeovers.	“That	means	that	we	didn’t	win	World	War	II.	They	just	changed	it	to

an	economic	war!	Bloody	hell!”	Darren	said	out	loud.

The	 information	 was	 eye-opening	 stuff,	 and	 he	 quickly	 forgot	 about	 his	 eerie surroundings,	becoming	completely	absorbed	in	these	papers.

As	 he	 put	 down	 the	 picture,	 he	 saw	 another	 one	 of	 Hitler	 beside	 a	 plane.

Underneath	 it	 was	 the	 caption	 “Escaped	 to	 Austria	 in	 a	 plane	 flown	 by	 a	 female pilot,	Hanna	Reitsch.”	It	wasn’t	Hitler	that	had	died	in	the	command	post	in	1945

but	his	double—shot	between	the	eyes.	Bang!

This	 was	 the	 discovery	 of	 a	 lifetime!	 “Jesus	 H.	 Christ!”	 Darren	 said	 in

amazement.

Underneath	the	pictures	were	several	file	folders,	but	the	first	one	that	he	looked

at	was	written	in	Italian,	so	he	put	that	one	down	and	gave	it	a	pass.	The	next	one,

however,	had	a	lot	more	information	about	Vatican-Nazi	collusion,	and	there	were

pictures	of	many	priests	who	had	helped	smuggle	the	Nazi’s	out	of	Europe.	There

were	 also	 pictures	 of	 a	 Nazi	 U-boat	 commander,	 and	 at	 the	 bottom	 of	 one	 of	 his pictures	 was	 the	 name	 Al	 Bielek.	 At	 first,	 it	 wasn’t	 clear	 to	 Darren	 why	 this	 man would	 be	 of	 importance,	 but	 then	 Darren	 looked	 at	 several	 more	 pictures	 of	 him and	saw	that	he	was	photographed	beside	multiple	gold	bars.	Had	the	Nazis	been

moving	gold	via	U-boats?

For	 two	 more	 hours,	 he	 studied	 what	 was	 inside	 those	 folders	 until	 he	 was	 so exhausted	 that	 he	 fell	 asleep	 with	 the	 headlamp	 on	 and	 the	 papers	 still	 in	 his	 lap.

Apparently,	 Al	 Bielek	 had	 been	 captured	 by	 the	 French	 and	 handed	 over	 to	 the Americans	in	the	middle	of	the	war.	He	must	have	been	carrying	some	heavy	secrets

because	 the	 documents	 that	 Mathews	 read	 indicated	 that	 the	 U-boat	 commander

was	given	his	same	rank	and	was	put	to	work	in	the	American	Navy	and	soon	after

that	he	was	placed	into	the	Philadelphia	experiment,	which	Nikola	Tesla	had	also

been	 a	 part	 of.	 Darren’s	 brain	 shut	 down	 on	 him	 after	 all	 that	 reading,	 so	 he stopped	and	went	to	bed,	but	his	mind	was	still	going	as	he	tried	to	put	the	giant

puzzle	together.

At	 7	 a.m.	 the	 next	 morning	 Mathews	 was	 disturbed	 from	 his	 sleep	 by	 a	 loud noise	 that	 had	 suddenly	 come	 from	 somewhere	 much	 deeper	 in	 the	 facility.	 The second	 time	 he	 heard	 it,	 he	 reached	 for	 his	 daypack	 and	 took	 out	 his	 gun.	 He checked	 his	 magazine	 and	 confirmed	 that	 it	 was	 loaded.	 Then,	 he	 cocked	 his weapon	and	put	the	safety	on.

He	rose	from	where	he	had	been	resting	and	slowly	walked	out	into	the	hallway.

For	 the	 first	 few	 seconds,	 there	 was	 no	 noise.	 Then,	 he	 heard	 it	 again	 and	 was surprised	 that	 it	 wasn’t	 someone	 banging	 on	 the	 entrance	 but	 coming	 from	 the bowels	of	the	facility.	It	warranted	further	investigation,	so	he	put	his	daypack	on

and	headed	out	with	his	flashlight	in	one	hand	and	his	side	arm	in	the	other.

He	walked	down	the	corridor	and	made	it	to	the	stairs,	which	took	him	down	to

the	 other	 levels.	 He	 heard	 the	 sound	 again	 and	 knew	 that	 something	 was	 making that	noise	as	if	it	wanted	to	be	released	from	something.	Could	there	be	somebody

else	down	there	locked	away	in	a	cell?

Mathews	 took	 his	 time	 descending	 the	 stairs	 until	 he	 reached	 level	 four.	 The banging	sound	seemed	to	be	coming	from	there.	Cautiously,	he	cast	his	flashlight

up	 the	 hallway	 in	 front	 of	 him	 and	 saw	 many	 doors	 that	 were	 entrances	 to	 other rooms.

One	 by	 one,	 he	 started	 testing	 each	 door	 handle	 to	 see	 whether	 or	 not	 it	 was locked.	There	were	several	that	weren’t,	which	he	went	into	briefly	to	have	a	look

around.	 When	 Darren	 saw	 that	 they	 were	 empty,	 he	 left	 them	 and	 continued	 on with	his	search	until	he	came	upon	the	last	room.

The	last	room	was	empty	too,	but	it	had	shelving,	whereas	the	others	did	not.

Suddenly,	there	was	a	loud	banging	noise	coming	from	inside	the	room	that	he	was

looking	into,	but	it	was	empty.	There	was	nothing	in	there.	Darren	decided	to	use

his	 light	 to	 illuminate	 part	 of	 the	 back	 wall,	 and	 he	 watched	 it	 carefully.	 Another loud	 bang	 moved	 him	 back	 away	 from	 the	 door,	 and	 that’s	 when	 he	 decided	 to employ	his	old	military	trick.

Taking	off	his	bag	Mathews	quickly	pulled	out	a	plastic	container,	which	had	a

wine-tipped	thin	cigar	and	some	matches	inside	it.	He	lit	it	with	a	lighter	that	was

in	 the	 same	 pouch.	 Darren	 drew	 back	 and	 filled	 his	 lungs	 with	 smoke	 and	 then kneeled	down	to	the	bottom	of	the	door.	Then	he	blew	smoke	underneath	it	until

his	lungs	were	empty.

Darren	 repeatedly	 took	 drags	 from	 his	 cigar	 and	 blew	 smoke	 under	 the	 door.

Then,	he	put	out	the	cigar	on	the	cement	floor	beside	him	and	then	put	it	into	the

plastic	container.	After	that,	he	picked	up	his	flashlight	and	stood	back	up	again.	He

reached	for	his	daypack	again	and	put	his	plastic	container	back	into	the	daypack.

The	beam	of	light	illuminated	the	floor	inside	the	room	and	revealed	laser	beams

dissecting	the	room	before	him.	There	were	silent	alarms	everywhere.	There	was	no

way	he	was	going	in	there.	He	knew	that	a	facility	like	this	would	have	some	kind	of

sensors	 in	 play	 somewhere,	 and	 the	 Australian	 had	 finally	 found	 the	 second	 area that	was	being	electronically	monitored.

Suddenly,	another	loud	bang	came	from	within	the	room.	Something	had	to	be

behind	 that	 shelving	 unit.	 Perhaps	 it	 was	 a	 secret	 room	 Darren	 wondered	 but	 he had	no	intention	of	finding	out.	Things	had	gotten	out	of	his	control,	and	there	was

way	too	much	risk	to	be	staying	in	the	silo	any	longer.	He	would	soon	be	a	father.

The	countdown	had	begun.	Doing	a	tactical	withdrawal	was	the	right	move.	His

old	man,	who	had	served	in	the	Special	Air	Service	during	the	Vietnam	War,	had

given	him	the	rules	that	determined	when	it	was	time	to	leave	.	.	.	and	now	was	that

time	for	him.

As	Darren	climbed	up	the	stairs	to	the	top	level,	he	wondered	if	he	had	somehow

triggered	whatever	was	behind	the	false	wall.	Could	it	have	smelled	his	food	or	his

coffee?	Maybe	it	had	sensed	his	presence	somehow?





Chapter	13

Secrets

September	22,	1993

Southern	United	States

A	 week	 after	 leaving	 the	 silo,	 Darren	 was	 finally	 able	 to	 meet	 Anna	 again.

Darren	still	had	several	days	left	of	his	leave,	and	Anna	had	taken	an	extra	week	off.

She	met	him,	just	as	enthused	as	always,	and	.	.	.	Darren	seemed	different.	She

noticed	that	he	was	low	in	energy	and	wondered	why	he	was	so	flat.

“It’s	just	jet	lag,”	he	assured	her	on	the	first	night.

By	 the	 second	 day,	 Anna	 was	 starting	 to	 get	 concerned.	 After	 a	 stilted	 and awkward	evening	out	on	the	town,	they	returned	to	their	hotel	room.	Right	before

Darren	 got	 into	 the	 shower,	 Anna	 caught	 him	 by	 the	 hand.	 She	 asked,	 “What’s wrong,	Darren?”

“Nothing.	I’m	just	tired.”

“You’ve	been	acting	weird	since	we	got	here.	I’m	concerned	about	you.	Was	it—

was	it	what	happened	on	the	island?”

“What?”

“The	fire,”	elaborated	Anna.	“And	those	bodies.	We	can	talk	about	it,	you	know.

I’ve	been	there.”

Darren	froze.	For	a	moment,	he	was	torn	between	telling	her	the	truth	or	not.

Maybe	it	made	him	a	coward,	but	he	took	the	easy	way	out.

“I’ve	just	been	having	a	hard	time	sleeping,”	said	Darren.	“I’ve	had	nightmares,

and	it	just	.	.	.	it	doesn’t	just	keep	me	up	at	night,	love.	It	makes	me	not	want	to	lie down	either.	And	then	all	through	the	day,	I’m	just	tired.	Bloody	exhausted.”

Anna’s	whole	face	softened.	She	pulled	Darren	into	a	hug.	“I’m	sorry,	honey.	I

know	that	sort	of	thing.	It’s	hard.”

Darren	already	felt	guilty.	He	didn’t	like	lying	to	Anna.	In	fact,	up	until	today,

he	had	 never	lied	to	Anna.

But	this	last	week,	his	entire	world	had	been	rolled	on	end.	Sometimes,	he	still

felt	a	strange	compulsion	to	find	a	body	of	water	and	submerge	himself.	Sometimes,

when	he	closed	his	eyes,	he	could	almost	see	the	conversations	between	Tesla	and

his	business	partners	playing	out	in	real-time.

He	said	none	of	that.

He	 settled	 for	 a	 half-truth.	 Darren	 told	 her,	 “This	 last	 week’s	 just	 been	 hard, love.	 All	 that	 happening,	 and	 then	 only	 getting	 to	 see	 you	 for	 a	 day	 on	 top	 of	 it.

And	what	with	the	baby	coming	and	all	of	that.	I’m	just	frazzled.”

“I	understand,”	said	Anna.	“I	am	too.	Go	get	your	shower,	honey.	Let	me	think.

We’ll	get	through	this	together.	I	promise.”

By	the	next	morning,	Anna	had	reached	out	to	her	handler	and	requested	extra

leave	for	the	both	of	them.	She	pulled	off	the	feat	by	telling	her	boss	over	a	secure

phone	line	that	Darren	Mathews	was	showing	signs	of	fatigue.	He	needed	a	break

before	he	crashed,	she	told	him.

Over	 lunch	 in	 the	 town,	 she	 told	 her	 boyfriend	 that	 she’d	 asked	 for	 extended leave	and	had	been	granted	some	extra	time	for	them	both.

Darren	told	her,	“You	didn’t	have	to	do	that	just	for	me,	love.”

Anna	 admitted,	 “It’s	 not	 just	 for	 you.	 We’re	 both	 at	 the	 end	 of	 our	 ropes, Darren.	And	.	.	.”

She	trailed	off.

Darren	frowned.	“And?”

“And	I’m	not	sure	that	I	want	to	continue	working	for	the	CIA,”	said	Anna.	She

started	talking	quicker,	as	if	afraid	she	might	change	her	mind	about	telling	Darren

this.	“I	 know	 that	 they	 want	 me	 to	 keep	 on	 working	 for	 them.	 But	 it’s	 not	 just about	me	anymore.	Alan—you	know	how	my	handler	is.”

Darren	frowned.	Alan	Schiff	had	been	a	point	of	contention	between	them	for	a

while	 now.	 He	 wasn’t	 just	 a	 handler.	 He	 was	 a	 controlling	 rat	 of	 a	 man	 who thought	that	he	owned	anyone	and	everyone	that	worked	for	him.

Anna	said,	“I	know	he’s	been	trying	to	monitor	the	baby.	And	while	you	were

gone	.	.	.”

“What	happened?	I	swear,	Anna,	if	he	did	something—“

“No,	no!	Not	like	that,	at	least.	Fuck	no.	But	he	asked	me	.	.	.”	Anna	took	a	deep

breath,	stealing	herself.	“He	 asked	 me	 why	 I’m	 so	 interested	 in	 the	 origins	 of	 the CIA.”

It	took	a	moment	for	that	to	sink	in.

Darren	said,	“He’s	been	listening	to	our	conversations?”

“He	knows	that	I’ve	been	talking	to	you	about	it	somehow,”	said	Anna.	“He’s

worried	that	I’ve	revealed	information	to	you	about	the	Grand	Canyon	and	other

things	about	Pine	Gap.	Things	I	 haven’t	told	you.”

Darren’s	paranoia	ratcheted	up.	He	was	suddenly	very,	very	glad	that	he	hadn’t

said	anything	to	Anna	about	the	Tesla	documents,	the	pictures	he’d	taken,	or	the

pocket-sized	notebook	he’d	decided	to	take	with	him	from	the	silo.	That	could	have

ended	with	them	both	being	escorted	to	a	wet	room.

“I’ve	stopped	using	my	laptop,”	continued	Anna.	“And	I	found	a	bug	in	the	last

place	they	housed	me.	I’ve	told	him	that	I’m	just	doing	my	reports,	but	he’s	starting

to	think	I	might	be	a	problem.	He’s	growing	more	and	more	suspicious	I	think.”

“But	if	you	use	the	baby	as	an	excuse	.	.	.”

“I	might	be	able	to	get	out	before	anything	else	goes	wrong,”	said	Anna.	“I	might

be	able	to	get	away	with	going	to	Florida	if	I	say	that	I	want	to	raise	the	child	near my	own	parents.”

Darren	 wasn’t	 sure	 that	 would	 actually	 work.	 Who	 knew	 how	 long	 Schiff	 had

been	listening	to	their	conversations?

Anna	and	Darren	were	sometimes	lax	when	no	one	else	was	around.	He	thought

back	to	when	they	had	been	looking	up	records	on	Anna’s	home	computer	in	her

apartment	that	the	CIA	had	provided	her	with	in	New	York,	to	their	conversations

about	the	things	that	they	have	both	seen	and	done	over	the	years.

Those	things	could	get	them	both	killed,	whether	they	were	active	in	the	CIA	or

not.

For	the	moment,	though,	all	Darren	could	do	was	echo	Anna’s	sentiments	from

the	night	before.

He	pulled	her	into	a	hug	and	said,	“Don’t	worry,	love.	It’ll	be	all	right.	We’ll	get

through	this	together.	I	think	it	might	be	time	for	a	trip	to	see	the	old	man.”

Darren	rarely	spoke	about	his	father.	She	wasn’t	sure	what	that	would	entail.

“Where’s	your	father?”

Darren	laughed.	“I	haven’t	got	a	clue.	I	need	to	track	him	down	somehow.”

Anna	gave	him	a	hug.	“That	sounds	a	lot	like	you.	A	chip	off	the	old	block,”	she

said	smiling.

Things	didn’t	get	better	for	them,	though.

In	fact,	they	got	worse—fast.

Schiff	made	it	clear	through	backhanded	comments	that	he	was	well	aware	of	the

fact	 that	 Anna	 knew	 more	 than	 she	 let	 on.	 Anna	 and	 Darren’s	 conversations	 had been	picked	up	long	before	they	realized	that	they	were	being	listened	to.

The	Orange	Corporation	wasn’t	loyal	to	anyone	but	themselves	either.

Anna	 had	 started	 to	 worry	 about	 that	 when	 she	 realized	 that	 General	 Chen

might	not	be	happy	about	how	much	time	they	were	taking	off	from	working	on

secret	 projects	 around	 the	 world.	 She	 wondered	 if	 she	 had	 been	 too	 loose-lipped, sharing	all	that	information	with	Darren?	If	the	people	listening	in	had	picked	up

their	 intimate	 conversations,	 they	 were	 in	 big	 trouble.	 Especially	 about	 General Chen	being	a	clone	and	that	she	had	confirmed	that	the	Orange	Corporation	was

part	 of	 the	 Industrial	 Military	 Complex	 of	 the	 United	 States	 or	 China—they	 still hadn’t	figured	that	out.

Anna	started	wondering	who	was	really	getting	all	of	the	recovered	materials	that

Darren	 brought	 back.	 Who	 was	 really	 benefiting	 from	 the	 re-engineered

technology?	 Who	 would	 be	 using	 it?	 Why	 wasn’t	 it	 being	 used	 to	 help	 mankind evolve	into	something	better?	The	answer	she	came	up	with	was	that	the	people	that

were	members	of	the	Order	of	the	Black	Sun	had	no	intention	of	freeing	the	slaves

on	 planet	 earth.	 They	 had	 a	 purpose	 to	 make	 them	 money	 that	 could	 be	 used	 to build	things	that	would	help	them	branch	out	into	space	and	expand	their	empire.

And	Schiff	had	found	out	they	were	asking	those	kinds	of	questions.

The	longer	they	were	back	at	work	after	their	leave,	the	more	heat	Schiff	put	on Anna,	and	Darren	finally	commented	that	something	had	to	give—and	soon.

Two	 weeks	 after	 their	 return	 to	 work,	 Darren	 caught	 Anna	 and	 told	 her,	 “I’m going	to	South	Africa	to	see	my	dad.	I	finally	found	him,	and	I	want	you	to	come

with	me.”

Anna’s	hand	moved	to	rest	on	her	belly.	“What?”

“Come	 with	 me,”	 said	 Darren.	 “I’ve	 got	 a	 friend.	 Bill	 Jenkins.	 He’s	 going	 to come	by	and	check	on	your	apartment	right	away	to	check	whether	or	not	the	place

is	bugged.	I’ll	pick	him	up	at	the	airport	and	bring	him	here.	It’s	a	good	idea,	love.

He’ll	do	a	complete	sweep	and	let	us	know	what	he’s	found.”

Bill	 Jenkins	 was	 a	 personal	 friend	 of	 Darren’s	 who	 he	 believed	 he	 could	 trust.

And	while	they	were	away	in	South	Africa,	Anna	would	be	able	to	stay	in	the	hotel

and	catch	up	on	her	work.

At	the	time,	it	seemed	like	the	perfect	plan.

Bill	needed	time	away	from	his	wife.	When	Darren	called	him	to	ask,	“Can	you

come	 and	 apartment-sit	 Anna’s	 place	 in	 Florida,	 mate?”	 Bill	 replied	 that	 he’d	 be happy	to	help	out.

That	evening,	Darren	took	his	beautiful	girlfriend	out	for	a	lovely	meal,	and	then

they	went	to	see	her	parents	who	lived	in	a	town	not	too	far	from	where	they	were.

The	country	life	was	relaxing	and	Darren	enjoyed	a	nice	drive	in	the	rental	car	that

Anna	had	gotten.	It	was	a	Toyota	Corolla,	which	relaxed	him	somewhat	because	he

knew	that	he	was	in	a	reliable	car.	When	they	got	there	they	decided	to	stay	for	two

days	and	nights	in	the	guest	room	that	Anna’s	parents	had.

A	few	days	later,	Bill	arrived	right	on	time—not	even	a	minute	late.	Darren	met

him	at	the	airport,	and	then	they	caught	a	taxi	back	to	the	apartment	building.

“Nice	 place,”	 commented	 Bill	 as	 he	 looked	 up	 at	 the	 building,	 and	 he	 saw

pigeons	flying	around	in	the	air.

Darren	agreed,	“It	 worked	 well	 for	 us	 on	 this	 trip	 even	 though	 we	 didn’t	 stay here	a	lot.	Anna	doesn’t	own	it	though.	The	company	she	works	for	provided	it	for

discrete	pleasure.	So,	watch	what	you	say	when	you	get	up	there,	okay?	The	place

should	be	considered	compromised	until	you	check	every	nook	and	cranny	for	us.”

Bill	looked	at	his	friend	cautiously	and	shook	his	head	as	he	stopped	in	his	tracks

and	 faced	 Darren	 for	 a	 moment.	 “Why	 would	 you	 stay	 in	 a	 place	 like	 that?	 You know	they’ll	be	listening	to	everything	you	say	in	there.”

Darren	 nodded	 his	 head	 as	 he	 exhaled	 a	 deep	 sigh.	 “I	 know,	 mate.	 I	 know.	 It wasn’t	me	who	got	the	accommodation.	It	was	Anna’s	conversation	with	her	boss.

He	wanted	to	keep	tabs	on	her	after	she	requested	to	leave	Pine	Gap	and	requested

a	trip	to	the	United	States	to	see	her	parents	who	live	close	by.	She’s	over	there	right now.”

“Darren,	 there’s	 a	 lot	 of	 stuff	 that	 goes	 on	 in	 this	 place	 that’s	 pretty	 dodgy.

Tonnes	of	smuggling	happens	in	this	state.	Just	that	is	enough	of	a	reason	 to	put

you	guys	in	a	safehouse	and	monitor	everything	that	you	say.	I	wouldn’t	come	back

here	 to	 stay	 if	 I	 were	 you,”	 Bill	 suggested	 as	 he	 started	 walking	 again	 toward	 the main	door	of	the	apartment	building.

After	coming	through	the	front	door,	the	two	men	spent	a	few	minutes	touring

the	 apartment	 not	 saying	 anything	 while	 Bill	 pulled	 out	 a	 device	 that	 detected electric-magnetic	disturbances	in	the	air.	The	apartment	was	painted	white	and	was

elaborately	 decorated	 and	 was	 no	 doubt	 used	 for	 high-end	 assignments.	 “To	 live here	month	to	month	would	cost	a	fortune	I	reckon,”	Darren	said	as	he	walked	to

the	bathroom	to	take	care	of	some	personal	business.

Inside	 the	 bathroom,	 sitting	 on	 the	 counter	 was	 a	 small	 book	 that	 Anna	 had obviously	been	reading.	Darren	picked	it	up	and	read	the	cover.	“The	Book	of	Enoch, huh?”

A	 few	 minutes,	 later	 Darren	 left	 the	 bathroom	 with	 the	 book	 in	 hand.	 He

walked	around	until	he	found	Bill,	who	he	gave	the	hand	signal	not	to	speak	as	he

walked	over	to	a	lampshade	and	pointed	thumbs	down,	which	meant	 enemy.	Darren

nodded	to	show	that	he	understood	what	Bill	was	trying	to	show	him	as	he	watched

his	friend	move	to	the	air	vent	in	the	wall.	Again,	another	thumbs	down	signal.

Darren	 was	 then	 given	 the	 signal	 to	 come	 out	 onto	 the	 deck	 outside	 the

apartment	as	Bill	unlocked	the	sliding	door	and	stepped	out	onto	the	balcony.	“If

you	stay	out	here	for	too	long,	you	could	be	a	target	for	sniper	fire	if	you’re	being hunted,	 but	 this	 is	 the	 only	 place	 where	 I’d	 feel	 safe	 to	 have	 a	 conversation	 with you.	I	can	stay	here	for	a	couple	of	days,	but	I	think	you	should	let	this	place	go.

Give	 it	 back	 to	 Anna’s	 boss	 and	 get	 out	 from	 under	 his	 control,”	 he	 said	 to	 his Australian	friend	as	he	noticed	the	title	of	the	book	that	Darren	had	in	his	hands.

Bill	grinned	at	him.	“It’s	a	great	read.	I	didn’t	think	I’d	like	it	at	first,	but	I’m

obsessed	with	it	now.”

“What’s	it	about?”	Darren	asked.

“It’s	a	book	that	was	removed	from	the	Bible.	You	know	me;	I’m	always	looking

for	the	secrets	behind	humanity.	Always	one	more	dot	to	connect.	That	helped	me

connect	 a	 few	 of	 them.	 The	 fact	 that	 the	 Titans	 and	 the	 Olympians	 were	 giants really	got	my	attention.”

Darren	 felt	 the	 same	 way	 after	 only	 reading	 a	 few	 pages.	 With	 his	 curiosity piqued,	 he	 asked,	 “Well,	 what	 else	 does	 it	 say	 in	 these	 pages?	 Can	 you	 give	 me	 a summary?”

“We’re	being	prevented	from	having	the	technology	to	solve	all	our	problems,”

said	Bill.	“According	to	that	book,	at	least.	I	picked	it	up	from	a	pile	of	books	that I’m	trying	to	get	through.	Sometimes,	I	have	problems	sleeping.	Reading	a	chapter

or	two	is	supposed	to	help	me	refocus	from	the	day	and	too	much	thinking.”

“Did	it	work?”

“Honestly,	 it	 just	 keyed	 me	 up	 more.	 I	 can’t	 stop	 thinking	 about	 the	 damned thing.”

Darren	 put	 the	 book	 on	 a	 small	 glass	 table	 and	 took	 in	 the	 view.	 “Somebody could	be	taking	photographs	of	us	right	now,	and	we’d	never	know.

Bill	nodded	his	head	as	he	sat	down	on	one	of	the	two	chairs	after	making	sure

that	there	were	no	bugs	underneath	it.	He	sat	down	and	just	listened	for	a	moment.

“Do	you	hear	all	that	noise?”

Darren	nodded.	“Yeah,	there’s	a	lot	of	bugs	flying	around	because	it’s	so	humid.

This	 weather	 reminds	 me	 a	 lot	 of	 Queensland	 back	 in	 Australia.	 It’s	 muggy	 hot back	there	for	half	the	bloody	year!”





Chapter	14

1936

Train	Station

Location:	Los	Alamos,	New	Mexico

April	16,	1936

Tesla	 stood	 at	 a	 train	 station	 in	 Los	 Alamos,	 New	 Mexico,	 waiting	 for	 his ride.	He	was	an	old	man	now;	he’d	just	turned	eighty.	Russia	had	never	responded

to	 his	 request	 to	 fund	 his	 project,	 and	 Tesla	 now	 feared	 that	 they	 would	 take	 his ideas	and	use	them	for	their	own	research	without	ever	paying	for	or	even	crediting

him.	 Humiliation	 over	 the	 incident	 had	 crushed	 him,	 much	 like	 his	 humiliation and	 destruction	 at	 the	 hands	 of	 Edison,	 Morgan,	 and	 Westinghouse.	 All	 that

business	 had	 worn	 him	 down.	 There	 were	 many	 bad	 apples	 out	 there	 who	 didn’t want	humanity	to	evolve,	he’d	concluded.

Nikola	 had	 aged	 greatly	 in	 the	 short	 year	 since	 he	 had	 first	 started

communicating	 with	 the	 Russians.	 His	 hair,	 dishevelled	 and	 suffering	 from	 poor care,	 contained	 more	 than	 a	 few	 streaks	 of	 grey;	 dark	 bags	 had	 formed	 under	 his eyes,	 and	 his	 eyes	 themselves	 had	 grown	 hollow.	 The	 spark	 of	 his	 creativity	 had faded.	 He	 walked	 slowly,	 as	 though	 something	 had	 drained	 all	 the	 energy	 out	 of him.	Even	his	surviving	friends	hardly	recognized	the	once	vibrant,	eccentric	man.

A	 black	 1933	 Chevrolet	 Eagle	 Sedan	 pulled	 up	 in	 front	 of	 Tesla.	 This	 was

usually	a	family	vehicle,	so	Tesla	was	surprised	to	see	only	one	person	in	the	entire

car:	an	older	gentleman	with	greyer	hair	than	his,	wearing	a	nice	but	simple	black

suit.	He	exited	the	vehicle	and	smiled.	“Nikola?”	the	man	asked	politely

“Yes?”

“Good	to	see	you	again,	my	friend,”	the	driver	said	in	a	thick	German	accent.

“Otto,”	Tesla	gasped.	“I	didn’t	recognize	you,	my	friend.”

“Nor	I	you.”	Otto	smiled	and	shook	Tesla’s	hand	vigorously.	He	gestured	to	the

single	bag	at	Tesla’s	heels.	“May	I	help	you	with	your	luggage?

“No,	I	can	manage,”	Tesla	said	and	picked	up	his	bag.

Otto	 Schmidt	 waited	 for	 Tesla	 to	 load	 his	 belongings	 into	 the	 car’s	 trunk	 and slide	into	the	passenger	seat.	“How	have	you	been?”	Schmidt	asked	as	he	started	the

car.	They	pulled	away	from	the	station.

“I’ve	been	better.”

“Haven’t	vee	all?”	Otto	chuckled	sadly.

“Yes	we	.	.	.	well	 I, 	certainly	have.”

“I’m	sure	your	luck	vill	turn	around	soon.”

Tesla’s	 moustache	 bristled	 as	 he	 huffed.	 “I’ve	 told	 myself	 that	 for	 a	 long	 time, Otto.	It	has	yet	to	prove	true.”

“Don’t	lose	faith.”

Tesla	 fell	 into	 silence,	 which	 continued	 for	 the	 entire	 drive	 to	 their	 hotel.

Schmidt	 thought	 nothing	 of	 the	 man’s	 reverie,	 knowing	 well	 that	 Tesla	 preferred the	company	of	his	own	thoughts	to	the	chatter	of	other	people.	When	they	reached

the	hotel,	Schmidt	helped	Tesla	take	his	bag	up	to	his	room.

“Vee	all	meet	in	zee	socializing	area	in	a	couple	of	hours,	ya?”	Schmidt	said	as

Tesla	set	his	suitcase	on	the	bed.	“Until	then,	relax.	Get	settled.	You	know	which

room	is	mine	if	you	need	anything.”

“Thank	you,	Otto,”	Tesla	said,	and	he	could	hear	how	tired	he	sounded.

Schmidt	waited	a	moment,	perhaps	hoping	that	Tesla	would	ask	him	to	stay	and

keep	him	company,	but	he	did	not,	and	the	German	scientist	set	out	for	his	own

room.

Two	hours	later,	in	the	early	evening,	Tesla	headed	downstairs	to	the	socializing

area.	There	were	several	men	and	a	few	women	all	in	suits	and	dresses	speaking	in

low,	thoughtful	tones.	There	was	a	quiet	calm	to	the	gathering.

Across	the	room,	Schmidt	spotted	Nikola	and	waved	him	over	to	where	he	sat

with	several	other	men.	“Nikola,”	 Schmidt	said	jovially,	 causing	the	other	men	to

turn	to	Tesla.	“So	glad	you’re	able	to	join	us.”

Tesla	 gave	 Schmidt	 a	 closed-lip	 smile	 and	 nodded	 but	 didn’t	 say	 anything	 in

return.	 He	 took	 a	 seat	 next	 to	 Schmidt.	 When	 he	 finally	 looked	 up,	 Tesla	 found himself	staring	directly	at	a	very	familiar	face.

“Hello,	Mr	Tesla,”	the	young	man	smiled.

“Werner.	Good	to	see	you,”	Tesla	said,	and	he	meant	it.

The	aerospace	engineer,	Werner	Von	Braun,	only	twenty-four	years	old,	bowed

his	head	respectfully	to	the	eighty-year-old	inventor.	“You	as	well,	Mr	Tesla.”

Schmidt	interjected	enthusiastically,	“Nikola,	we	were	just	discussing	 your	new

project	for	rocket	propulsion	and	design.	We	were	hoping	that	you	could	elaborate

on	it	for	us.”

Tesla	looked	at	the	men	and	women	staring	at	him,	but	his	gaze	returned	to	the

young	and	eager	face	of	Von	Braun.	“Of	course.”

Yet,	 as	 Tesla	 detailed	 some	 of	 his	 ideas	 and	 designs	 for	 the	 brilliant	 men	 and women	 gathered	 around	 him,	 his	 eyes	 and	 mind	 continued	 to	 find	 the	 prodigy sitting	 across	 from	 him.	 He	 didn’t	 know	 why,	 but	 Tesla	 trusted	 something	 about Von	Braun,	and	he	felt	that	the	young	man	had	the	greatest	potential	of	any	of	the

next	generation’s	scientists	whom	Tesla	had	met	so	far.

Werner	 started	 talking	 about	 the	 Russian	 rocket	 scientist	 named	 Konstantin

Tsiolkovsky,	 who	 in	 1903	 started	 a	 massive	 conversation	 about	 space	 travel	 and engineering	rockets	that	would	take	them	to	other	planets	and	moons	around	the

solar	 system.	 Tesla	 was	 quite	 interested	 in	 talking	 about	 space	 travel	 and	 the problems	 that	 they	 might	 face	 when	 designing	 rockets	 according	 to	 Tsiolkovsky’s concepts.

It	would	be	the	first	conversation	of	many	yet	to	come.

Rented	Laboratory

Los	Alamos,	New	Mexico,	United	States

July	14,	1936

P2	Project

Tesla	 was	 three	 months	 into	 the	 management	 of	 a	 two-year	 project	 for	 the Germans.	 He	 was	 working	 with	 several	 German	 scientists,	 including	 Werner	 Von Braun.	 He	 had	 mixed	 feelings	 about	 the	 project,	 considering	 the	 animosity	 with which	the	United	States	had	portrayed	the	Germans	back	during	the	Great	War.

However,	he	justified	his	actions	by	reminding	himself	that	these	technological

developments	 he	 was	 working	 on	 for	 the	 Germans	 had	 first	 been	 offered	 to	 the Americans	 in	 1914	 and	 were	 utterly	 ignored.	 That	 had	 launched	 his	 relationship with	Germany	in	the	first	place	and	had	led	to	him	selling	propulsion	technology

designs	 to	 one	 of	 Germany’s	 naval	 ministries,	 and	 Tesla	 saw	 no	 problem	 with continuing	this	working	relationship	with	the	country	that	welcomed	him	and	his

ideas.

Tesla	approached	Werner	at	his	workstation.	The	young	man	worked	with	such

focus.	Tesla	remembered	a	time	when	he	had	worked	with	the	same	diamond-sharp

mind.

“How	 is	 everything?	 Good,	 sir?”	 he	 asked	 as	 he	 looked	 over	 the	 young	 man’s work.	He	watched	his	hands	move	swiftly	as	he	tightened	a	portion	of	his	device.

“We’re	progressing	according	to	schedule,	Mr	Tesla,”	Von	Braun	replied.

“Very	good.”	Tesla	cleared	his	throat.	“Mr	Von	Braun—Werner—if	you	don’t

mind	me	picking	your	brain,	I	would	like	to	run	an	idea	by	you.”

Werner	 set	 down	 his	 work	 and	 gave	 his	 full	 attention	 to	 the	 octogenarian.	 He had	nothing	but	the	utmost	respect	for	the	brilliant	man.	“Of	course,	sir.”

Tesla	was	struck	by	one	of	Von	Braun’s	rings.	“Firstly,	what	is	that?”	Tesla	said,

admiring	the	ring.

“This?”	 Werner	 asked,	 twisting	 the	 ring	 on	 his	 finger.	 “This	 is	 a	 symbol	 of Thule,	sir.”

“Ah,	the	secret	ones.”	Tesla	chuckled	knowingly.	Once	upon	a	time,	the	Thule

society	had	attempted	to	recruit	Nikola,	but	he	had	never	wanted	any	part	of	any

secret	 society.	 He	 had	 declined,	 and	 it	 was	 one	 of	 the	 few	 organizations	 that	 had attempted	 to	 recruit	 him	 that	 had	 respectfully	 taken	 no	 for	 an	 answer	 and	 never contacted	him	again.	Now,	he	admired	the	golden	ring	on	his	protege’s	hand.

“The	founder	gave	me	a	telescope	when	I	was	young.	That	sort	of	launched	my whole	fascination	with	space.	So,	I	wear	this	in	honour	of	that.”

Tesla	smiled	and	held	up	a	finger,	gesturing	for	the	boy	to	wait	a	moment.	He

went	to	his	desk	a	short	distance	away,	retrieved	his	notebook,	and	returned	with	it.

He	flipped	through	its	pages	until	he	found	what	he	was	looking	for.	He	held	it	out

for	Werner	to	see.

“What’s	this?”	Von	Braun	asked	with	a	curious	smile.

“It’s	 an	 idea	 for	 a	 new	 propulsion	 technique	 that	 doesn’t	 rely	 on	 rocket	 fuel,”

Tesla	 began.	 Curiosity	 shone	 in	 Von	 Braun’s	 eyes	 and	 encouraged	 Nikola	 to

continue.	“Instead,	the	rocket	can	be	powered	by	an	energy	beam	directed	from	the

ground.	This	beam	of	energy	will	stay	on	the	rocket	and	the	rocket	will	go	wherever

the	energy	beam	takes	it.”

“No	hard	rocket	fuel	at	all?”

Tesla	shook	his	head.

“Fascinating,”	Werner	said.	“So,	no	need	to	refuel.	It	can	just	be	launched	and

directed	as	needed	using	this	energy	beam?”

“Essentially,	 yes.	 And	 there	 is	 no	 negative	 environmental	 impact,”	 Tesla	 said proudly.

“So,	if	they	could	control	the	energy	beam	remotely,	the	operators	could	direct

the	rocket	at	any	country	in	the	world?	Could	it	be	used	on	missiles,	do	you	think?”

Tesla	 blinked.	 He	 didn’t	 appreciate	 that	 this	 was	 the	 first	 thought	 the	 young man	 had.	 He	 eyed	 Von	 Braun	 suspiciously	 for	 a	 moment	 but	 eventually	 nodded.

“Yes,	I	suppose	so,	but	don’t	be	limited	to	Earth.	Think	about	what	this	could	do

for	 space	 travel.	 We	 could	 push	 ourselves	 further	 out	 into	 space	 with	 this technology	quite	easily.”

The	German	prodigy	leaned	over	the	notebook	to	inspect	the	plans	and	design

more	closely.	“This	is	brilliant,	Mr	Tesla.”

Tesla	grinned,	his	ego	having	been	stroked	by	Von	Braun’s	compliment.	“Thank

you,	Werner.	I	was	hoping	you	would	approve.	Do	you	have	any	other	thoughts	on

it—like	how	it	could	be	improved?”

Flattered,	Von	Braun	blushed	slightly.	“I’m	not	sure.	Let	us	take	a	look.”

“Okay.”

Werner	 looked	 into	 Tesla’s	 face	 and	 smiled.	 Nikola	 smiled	 in	 return.	 The	 boy had	such	curiosity	in	him.	And	then	Nikola	saw	it.	Werner	also	had	the	gleam	and

twinkle	of	creativity	that	had	once	been	in	Nikola’s	own	eyes.

“You	know,	it	was	predicted	when	I	was	a	child	that	I	would	meet	you,”	Werner

said.

“Oh,	really?”	Tesla	remarked.	“Well,	I’m	glad	it	came	true.”

Werner	 smiled	 and	 returned	 to	 the	 notebook.	 The	 two	 men	 poured	 over	 the

designs	together	for	the	rest	of	the	day—and	the	days	and	weeks	and	months	that

followed.

Tesla	spent	many	an	afternoon	chatting	with	Werner,	running	new	ideas	by	him

and	getting	his	opinion	on	works	in	progress.	Tesla	saw	promise	in	the	young	man.

He	hadn’t	felt	so	energized	by	a	collaborator	since	he	had	first	met	Thomas.	For	the

first	time	in	countless	years,	Nikola	felt	appreciated	when	he	was	with	Werner.

But	before	he	could	truly	get	any	use	out	of	him	for	the	German-funded	project,

Werner	 Von	 Braun	 surprised	 everyone	 and	 left	 for	 Germany	 in	 1937.	 Tesla	 had only	been	paid	a	fraction	of	what	he’d	been	promised.

Popular	belief	points	to	Tesla	dying,	broke,	alone,	and	mistaken	for	a	man	gone

insane,	 only	 six	 years	 later.	 Most	 believe	 that	 he	 had	 only	 been	 able	 to	 see	 the beginnings	 of	 the	 havoc,	 which	 the	 propulsion	 systems	 and	 other	 technologies	 he had	 shown	 to	 Von	 Braun	 would	 wreak	 on	 the	 world;	 he	 didn’t	 live	 to	 see	 the destructive	power	of	the	likes	of	the	V-2	rocket.	He	didn’t	see	the	Nazi	projects	for

which	the	secrets	he	had	shared	and	developed	with	Von	Braun	were	used—projects

so	secretive	that	only	Hitler	and	a	few	other	SS	Nazis	knew	of	them.	Nor	did	Tesla

live	to	see	the	German	knowledge	base	that	came	back	to	America	at	the	end	of	the

war	through	Operation	Paperclip.	They	had	started	with	his	ideas	and	were	able	to

go	 far	 beyond	 some	 of	 those	 initial	 sketches	 that	 he’d	 initially	 provided	 to	 Von Braun.

There	 are	 some	 who	 claim	 that	 German	 agents	 who	 wanted	 more	 answers

murdered	 Tesla	 or	 wanted	 to	 prevent	 him	 from	 revealing	 to	 the	 US	 government everything	he	knew	about	Von	Braun.	Others,	still,	believe	Nikola	Tesla	faked	his

death	 and	 retreated	 from	 the	 world	 with	 his	 colleague	 and	 friend,	 Guglielmo Marconi,	 along	 with	 several	 other	 scientists	 deep	 into	 the	 jungles	 of	 Venezuela, living	 long	 enough	 to	 regret	 their	 collective	 part	 in	 making	 the	 world	 the	 mess	 it became	as	a	result	of	the	World	War	II	and	its	aftermath,	which	gave	the	United

Nations	incredible	powers	and	new	possessions,	which	would	allow	them	to	pursue

a	new	world	order.





Chapter	15

Africa

November	27,	1994

There	 was	 an	 old	 mining	 site	 in	 South	 Africa	 in	 a	 rural	 stretch	 of	 the

countryside.	 When	 Darren	 was	 young,	 he’d	 come	 here	 once	 with	 his	 father,	 who was	interested	in	it	because	of	its	gold-bearing	possibilities.

Now	 Darren	 was	 hoping	 to	 see	 his	 old	 man	 at	 the	 same	 place	 as	 his	 driver dropped	him	off	in	the	remote	wilderness.	It	was	a	two-day	hike	from	the	city	that

Anna	was	staying	in.	It	was	a	dangerous	walk,	and	he	had	to	be	alert	all	the	time.	At

night,	 he	 slept	 in	 trees	 to	 avoid	 the	 wild	 animals.	 He	 didn’t	 have	 a	 fire	 at	 night either	because	that	would	show	the	poachers	where	he	was	camped.

Once,	shortly	after	Darren	climbed	into	the	tree	for	the	night,	a	group	of	hyenas

came	and	prowled	about	its	base.	They	barked	and	yipped	and	laughed	at	him.

Darren	 ignored	 them.	 He	 pulled	 his	 slouch	 hat	 down	 further	 over	 his	 face,

shielding	it	from	the	weather	and	the	insects	that	came	out	once	the	sun	had	set.	It

was	a	cold	night,	and	he	tried	not	to	roll	around	in	case	he	fell	from	the	tree.	But	by the	time	morning	came,	all	the	sounds	of	wild	animals	moving	around	were	gone.

This	 was	 a	 stretch	 of	 the	 country	 where	 people	 didn’t	 come	 very	 often.	 He pulled	a	mini	pelican	case	out	of	his	rucksack,	running	his	fingers	over	it.	The	watch was	inside.	And	so	was	Tesla’s	pocket	notebook.

“It’s	been	a	time	of	it,”	he	said,	more	to	himself.	He	used	a	trowel	to	dig	through

the	red	earth.	He	dug	down	three	feet,	and	then	put	the	case	into	it.

Darren	made	sure	to	pack	the	earth	down	deep	before	he	stood	up.

That	 watch	 had	 unlocked	 a	 wealth	 of	 information.	 It	 had	 led	 him	 to	 the

motherload	of	information	and	now	he	knew	how	the	Fourth	Reich	and	the	order

of	 the	 Black	 Sun	 had	 infiltrated	 both	 the	 US	 presidency	 as	 well	 as	 all	 levels	 of government	within	the	United	States	and	the	many	other	commonwealth	countries

such	as	Australia,	New	Zealand,	Canada,	and	the	United	Kingdom.

It	 was	 too	 much	 of	 a	 risk	 to	 keep	 these	 materials	 in	 his	 possession	 right	 now, though.	Especially	considering	that	he	still	didn’t	have	all	of	the	pieces	of	the	puzzle yet.

Darren	 was	 still	 trying	 to	 figure	 out	 how	 the	 Chinese	 were	 connected	 to	 the Orange	Corporation	beyond	General	Chen	since	it	was	also	affiliated	with	the	US

military.	He	wasn’t	at	the	level	of	security	clearance	to	know	how	that	all	worked.

He	hadn’t	been	taken	off-world	yet	because	he	simply	wasn’t	that	important.	The

Interplanetary	Corporate	Conglomerate	that	he	and	Anna	had	heard	about	through

rumours	 didn’t	 have	 a	 need	 for	 him	 in	 space	 since	 they	 had	 their	 own	 forces	 on every	colony	where	they	had	people	mining.	To	his	knowledge,	there	were	over	two

hundred	 colonies	 on	 different	 moons	 and	 planets	 within	 our	 own	 galaxy	 but	 that wasn’t	confirmed.

It	 just	 made	 the	 spiderweb	 of	 information	 seem	 that	 much	 more

confusing	.	.	.	and	that	much	more	important	to	figure	out.	The	solo	patrol	to	get

out	to	see	his	dad	was	helping	him	process	everything	he’d	learned	while	he’d	been

in	America.

At	around	1500	hours,	Darren	met	a	man	in	the	mountains	exactly	at	the	grid

reference	he’d	been	given.	The	old	man	was	looking	skinny,	but	mentally	he	knew

that	his	father	was	as	skilled	as	they	came.	When	they	locked	eyes,	they	recognized

each	other	immediately.	Darren’s	father	stood	up	from	the	ground	and	waited	for

Darren	 to	 walk	 over	 to	 him.	 “Son.	 About	 bloody	 time	 you	 got	 here.	 I’ve	 been waiting	all	morning.	How	the	heck	are	ya,	mate?”

“Yeah—Good,	old	man.	It’s	so	good	to	see	you	again	pops,”	Darren	said	as	he

hugged	his	father,	who	held	him	just	as	hard.	They	hadn’t	seen	each	other	for	over	a

decade.	To	say	it	was	an	emotional	moment	for	them	both	was	an	understatement.

For	the	remainder	of	the	day	and	for	the	rest	of	the	night,	the	two	men	talked

about	everything.	Darren	trusted	no	other	man	as	much	as	he	did	his	pops,	so	he

told	him	everything.

At	 midnight,	 the	 two	 men	 were	 in	 a	 campsite	 that	 they	 had	 surrounded	 with

enormous	 thorny	 branches	 to	 prevent	 all	 kinds	 of	 predators	 from	 reaching	 them.

They	had	no	fire,	so	they	focused	instead	on	making	the	best	defensive	position	that

they	 could.	 While	 they	 touched	 things	 up	 Darren	 asked	 about	 his	 father’s

experience	in	Cambodia	during	the	Vietnam	war.

His	father,	Shane	Mathews,	was	in	his	late	sixties	now,	but	he	still	had	the	inner

drive	to	be	out	in	the	middle	of	nowhere	on	his	own	like	a	true	nomad.	Darren	was

proud	to	be	his	son	and	was	so	happy	to	be	reunited	with	him.	“I	understand	what

you	were	 trying	to	 explain	to	me	when	I	was	 only	a	teenager.	I	always	thought	it

was	 some	 lost	 tribe	 that	 you	 saw	 coming	 out	 of	 the	 jungle	 on	 that	 day	 you experienced	 all	 that	 bombing	 so	 close	 to	 you.	 They	 weren’t	 humans	 at	 all,	 were they?”	Shane’s	son	asked.

Shane	kept	working	on	his	patchwork	of	the	debris	that	he	was	weaving	together

to	 strengthen	 their	 wall	 of	 thorny	 bush	 that	 surrounded	 their	 camp.	 “Nope. Not natural	humans.	Some	kind	of	genetic	hybrids	.	.	.	and	there	was	a	whole	family	of

them.	 It	 wasn’t	 just	 one.	 They	 taught	 me	 about	 the	 code	 of	 silence	 in	 the	 bush when	 you’re	 moving.	 I	 didn’t	 even	 hear	 them	 moving	 through	 the	 bush	 because they	have	pads	on	their	feet.	And	they’re	hairy.	I	saw	orange	when	the	being	looked

at	me.	If	I	hadn’t	been	taking	a	break	and	not	moving	when	they	came	by,	I’m	sure

they	would	never	have	shown	themselves	but	the	Americans	were	dropping	bunker-

buster	 type	 bombs	 down	 on	 the	 jungle	 and	 they	 needed	 to	 move	 fast	 in	 order	 to survive.	Pure	and	simple.	And	you	know	what,	mate?”

Darren	looked	over	at	his	father,	“What?”

Shane	turned	and	looked	into	his	son’s	eyes,	“When	that	first	one	locked	in	on

me	and	we	looked	into	each	other’s	eyes,	we	both	saw	a	soul.	Then,	it	backed	away

into	 the	 bush	 behind	 it	 and	 looked	 for	 another	 way	 out	 of	 the	 danger,	 I	 guess, because	it	didn’t	want	anything	to	do	with	me.”

“And	how	is	that	connected	to	the	missile	attack	on	the	Australian	Navy	Ship?

What	was	that	thing	called?”	Darren	asked	as	he	took	a	break	and	looked	at	where

they	might	have	the	best	chance	of	lying	down	straight	since	they	didn’t	have	a	very

big	campsite.

“There	 were	 UFO	 and	 Airforce	 engagements	 in	 the	 air.	 There	 were	 Special Forces	 teams	 going	 underground	 and	 never	 coming	 back	 up.	 Whole	 teams	 of	 US

Special	 Forces	 were	 going	 missing,	 and	 when	 they	 sent	 in	 rescue	 teams,	 they	 also went	 missing.	 There	 were	 reptilian	 bases	 in	 the	 jungles	 that	 these	 teams	 were coming	across.	I	guess	it	was	because	they	liked	the	hot	and	humid	weather	there.

But	the	name	of	the	boat	was	the	Hobart.	Where	that	story	gets	interesting	is	that	a

US	 Airforce	 pilot	 fired	 those	 missiles	 at	 a	 UFO,	 and	 the	 saucer	 kept	 them	 and redirected	them	at	an	Australian	warship	hundreds	of	miles	away,	and	they	hit	the

ship.	The	people	on	the	deck	of	that	vessel	never	saw	or	heard	a	plane.	The	missiles

just	came	out	of	nowhere	and	hit	them.	Quite	a	few	people	died	as	a	result,	which	is

why	they	imposed	a	rule	that	if	pilots	saw	any	UFOs	or	USOs	they	weren’t	to	fire	at

them.”

Darren	could	finally	relate	to	his	old	man	and	told	him	so.

An	 hour	 later,	 they	 were	 laying	 on	 top	 of	 an	 air	 mattress	 each	 with	 a	 ranger blanket	 wrapped	 around	 them.	 Darren	 put	 his	 head	 down	 on	 his	 rolled-up	 socks and	settled	in	for	some	sleep	while	his	dad	kept	watch.	He	wondered	what	his	old

man	was	going	to	do	next	and	asked	him.

“I	bought	a	gold	mine	in	the	Congo,	and	I	wanted	to	ask	if	you’d	have	any	spare

time	to	come	and	help	me.	I’ve	got	my	mate	named	Mgoo.	You’ll	like	him.	He’s	a

character,	but	it’s	always	business	when	it	comes	to	that	guy.	But	I’d	like	it	if	you

could	come	up	and	give	me	a	hand.	I’m	going	to	be	buying	a	safehouse	in	Nigeria,

which	you	can	live	in	whenever	you	feel	the	need.	It’ll	be	our	go-to	place,	mate.”

Darren	couldn’t	believe	the	size	of	the	balls	of	this	man.	“Dad,	you’re	fucking	in

your	late	sixties	and	you	want	to	take	on	the	bloody	Congo?	Are	you	out	of	your

mind?	 Of	 course,	 I’d	 come	 and	 help	 you,	 but	 you	 know	 better	 than	 anyone	 how dangerous	that’s	going	to	be.	You’re	going	to	have	to	tell	me	all	the	details	in	the

morning.	 I’d	 like	 to	 stay	 out	 here	 with	 you	 for	 a	 few	 more	 days,	 but	 I	 can’t unfortunately	because	I	left	a	beautiful	white	woman	in	a	hotel	by	herself,	and	that’s not	a	wise	thing	to	do	in	this	country.	Not	right	now.”

The	 roar	 of	 an	 elephant	 nearby	 caused	 Darren	 to	 sit	 right	 up	 and	 take	 notice.

“Shit.	 Did	 you	 hear	 that?	 That	 sounded	 like	 a	 big	 animal,”	 Darren	 said,	 listening attentively.

Shane	stood	up	and	walked	around	a	bit,	trying	to	look	out	into	the	darkness.

Not	wanting	to	turn	on	a	flashlight.	“I’d	say	there’s	three	of	them.	Two	females	and

one	big	alpha	male.	If	they	come	over	here,	we	could	be	in	some	real	trouble	mate.

Let’s	hope	they	find	some	food	somewhere	else.”

For	the	next	while,	they	stayed	up	and	talked	about	the	Tesla	things	that	he	had

seen.	 His	 father	 was	 glad	 that	 he’d	 buried	 the	 stuff	 out	 there	 and	 that	 he	 wasn’t keeping	it	on	his	person.

By	 4	 a.m.,	 it	 had	 gotten	 colder,	 so	 Darren	 and	 his	 father	 lay	 side	 by	 side	 to preserve	 body	 heat.	 They	 slept	 for	 perhaps	 a	 few	 hours,	 and	 then	 they	 broke	 up camp	and	started	hiking	out	together.

Shane	and	Darren	walked	for	quite	some	time.	While	they	did	their	ruck	march

together,	the	conversation	came	to	focus	on	George	Herbert	Walker	Bush.	Darren’s

father	 talked	 about	 what	 he	 had	 done	 during	 the	 Vietnam	 era.	 Darren	 knew	 that he’d	been	the	director	of	the	CIA	during	the	Vietnam	war,	but	he	had	no	idea	that

he’d	started	a	program	to	bring	in	drugs	in	the	bodies	 of	dead	American	soldiers.

Those	drugs	were	then	collected	by	the	US	military	and	used	to	raise	funds	for	the

expansion	of	the	German/US	secret	space	program.	Darren	commented	about	the

Order	 of	 the	 Black	 Sun	 and	 the	 Skull	 and	 Bones	 at	 Yale	 University.	 The	 Bush family	was	a	big	part	of	both	groups.

“Bush	and	his	CIA	started	the	whole	fucking	thing,	mate.	The	Gulf	of	Tonkin

incident	in	1964	was	all	a	bunch	of	lies	that	led	them	into	a	war	in	Southeast	Asia

that	my	friends	and	I	were	sent	to	fight	in,	and	I	lost	friends	over	there	so	this	is

really	 personal	 to	 me.	 Bush	 had	 his	 dirty	 mitts	 all	 over	 that	 event.	 It	 was	 a	 false flag,”	Shane	said	as	he	pulled	out	his	canteen	and	unscrewed	the	cap.	“They	used

that	 as	 a	 precursor	 to	 going	 in	 and	 getting	 their	 drugs.	 What	 you’ve	 just	 told	 me connects	a	lot	of	dots	for	me,	Son.	Thank	you.	Once	the	Bush	family	took	control

of	the	CIA,	they	started	their	plan	to	take	down	the	United	States.	What	a	crooked,

evil	family!”

Darren	let	his	father	cool	off.	They	took	a	five-minute	break	underneath	a	tree that	 offered	 some	 shade.	 The	 sun	 was	 beating	 down	 on	 them	 now	 and	 the

temperatures	at	ground	level	were	starting	to	rise.	There	wasn’t	a	cloud	in	the	sky,

and	out	in	the	wilderness	that	they	were	in,	that	meant	for	really	hot	temperatures.

It	 was	 amazing	 that	 anything	 would	 grow	 out	 there	 in	 that	 kind	 of	 heat,	 but	 the evidence	 was	 all	 around	 them,	 showing	 that	 life	 did,	 in	 fact,	 exist	 in	 this	 kind	 of climate.

When	they	were	rested	and	re-hydrated,	they	began	walking	again,	but	it	wasn’t

long	 before	 they	 heard	 a	 rifle	 being	 fired	 off	 in	 the	 distance.	 Instantly,	 both	 men crouched	 down	 and	 observed	 their	 surroundings.	 “I’d	 say	 the	 poachers	 are	 at	 it again.	 We’d	 better	 give	 this	 area	 a	 wide	 berth,”	 Darren	 suggested	 as	 they	 both looked	around	for	a	safer	place	to	head	toward.

Darren	didn’t	want	to	upset	his	father	by	bringing	up	Vietnam,	but	he	did	want

to	talk	about	George	Herbert	Walker	Bush	having	taken	the	presidency	and	starting

the	 first	 Iraq	 War.	 Shane	 was	 happy	 to	 listen	 and	 didn’t	 spiral	 into	 a	 rage.	 “That wasn’t	 my	 war,	 mate.	 That	 was	 your	 friend’s	 war.	 You	 take	 my	 word	 for	 it.	 That Bush	 Bastard	 has	 a	 plan.	 I	 don’t	 know	 when	 or	 how,	 but	 he	 has	 something	 big planned.	If	he’s	the	leader	of	the	Fourth	Reich	like	you	say	he	is,	then	he	doesn’t

have	 our	 interests	 in	 mind,	 does	 he?”	 As	 he	 spoke,	 he	 continued	 walking	 toward their	 objective,	 which	 was	 a	 small	 isolated	 town	 some	 ten	 miles	 away	 from	 their current	location.

Darren	 wiped	 his	 face	 with	 a	 wet	 bandanna	 and	 looked	 at	 his	 father.	 “No.	 I reckon	he’s	got	his	own	agenda	to	take	over	the	world	at	some	point.	Watch	out	for

the	globalist	agenda,	eh?”	Darren	replied	as	they	continued	walking.

“Yeah,	that’d	be	right,”	his	father	said	in	response	as	he	looked	onward.

The	sun	was	starting	to	sink	behind	the	mountains	when	they	walked	into	the

town	of	Dargo,	They	went	to	the	petrol	station,	and	that’s	where	they	met	their	ride

at	the	agreed	time	of	6	p.m.	for	the	rendezvous.	As	their	driver	took	them	through

the	back	roads,	Darren	was	thinking	that	he	would	like	to	go	to	Nigeria	as	soon	as

he	could	to	help	his	old	man.

They	 talked	 about	 that	 being	 a	 real	 possibility	 in	 the	 future	 since	 things	 were looking	pretty	shitty	for	Darren	and	Anna	in	their	present	line	of	work.	“It	has	a	lot of	 advantages	 coming	 back	 to	 see	 you,	 pops.	 If	 you	 can	 make	 me	 disappear,	 that would	be	a	pretty	good	thing.	You’re	going	to	be	a	granddad	soon.	You	need	to	give

me	an	address	so	I	can	send	you	a	picture,”	Darren	said	to	his	father	as	they	drove

down	a	dusty	road	and	night	fell	across	the	countryside.

A	 few	 hours	 later,	 Darren	 was	 dropped	 off	 at	 the	 hotel	 where	 his	 wife	 was situated.	Shane	waved	goodbye	and	hoped	he’d	see	his	son	again	in	the	near	future.

Darren,	 on	 the	 other	 hand,	 was	 smiling	 ear	 to	 ear	 and	 was	 just	 amazed	 by	 how much	energy	his	old	man	still	had	left	in	him	as	he	waved	at	him	as	the	old	truck

drove	away.

With	 the	 watch	 and	 pocket-sized	 notebook	 safe	 in	 a	 hole	 somewhere	 in	 the

remote	wilderness	of	South	Africa,	Anna	and	Darren	returned	to	Florida	.	.	.	and	by

the	end	of	the	week,	Darren	was	being	sent	on	a	retrieval	mission	in	Afghanistan.

They	 had	 discovered	 a	 Vimana	 underground	 in	 a	 tunnel	 system.	 Several	 local

boys	who	had	been	digging	in	the	mountains	for	precious	gems	had	discovered	it.

They	 were	 barely	 teenagers,	 and	 their	 clothing	 was	 ratty,	 dirty,	 and	 torn.	 They didn’t	speak	English.

Mathews	 waited	 with	 them	 until	 two	 other	 CIA	 agents	 showed	 up	 to	 escort

them	 away.	 As	 they	 left,	 one	 of	 the	 boys	 turned	 around	 and	 called	 out	 to	 him, pointing	in	his	direction

Darren	didn’t	understand	the	language,	but	he	still	had	the	distinct	feeling	that

the	boy	was	asking	for	help.	None	would	be	given.	They	would	likely	never	be	seen

again.

It	sat	sour	in	Darren’s	mouth.

The	 CIA	 had	 their	 own	 Special	 Forces	 who	 were	 working	 in	 the	 area.	 They’d been	tasked	to	find	another	route	down	to	the	Vimana	and	get	it	up	to	the	surface.

Then,	 it	 would	 be	 carried	 in	 the	 air	 by	 way	 of	 a	 lifting	 cable	 and	 cargo	 net configuration.	 The	 straps	 would	 fasten	 to	 the	 underside	 of	 the	 black	 Chinook helicopters.

Then,	it	would	be	taken	out	into	the	ocean	to	one	of	the	CIA	helicopter	landing ships	that	had	been	assigned	to	support	the	recovery	operation.

Darren	knew	that	his	old	friend	Dr	Emily	Aranda	would	be	the	one	to	study	the

Vimana.	He	wondered	what	discoveries	she	would	make.	It	had	been	her	suggestion

that	 he	 research	 the	 ancient	 Veda	 texts,	 and	 he	 hadn’t	 done	 so	 and	 now	 he	 was regretting	that	big	time.





Chapter	16

Circle	of	Life

The	next	few	 years	 were	 better	 for	 Anna	 and	 Darren	on	 a	 relationship	level

because	they	were	always	watching	out	for	one	another	and	had	proven	themselves

to	be	a	good	match	with	similar	interests	and	knowledge.

There	were	times,	however,	when	they	had	nothing	but	their	wits	to	keep	them

alive.	At	one	point,	they	went	gold-detecting	in	the	desert	of	Arizona.	Thieves	stole

their	 generator,	 their	 food,	 and	 their	 water.	 They	 had	 nothing	 but	 each	 other.

Darren	had	had	the	good	sense	to	bring	along	several	plastic	bags	to	wrap	around

branches	of	trees	and	plants.	Overnight	they	would	accumulate	water	and	that	had

been	their	saving	grace	from	death.

Together,	they	hiked	out	of	the	desert	and	found	the	highway.	A	state	trooper

travelling	the	highway	on	patrol	was	flagged	down,	finally	giving	them	a	way	out	of

the	nightmare	they’d	been	subjected	to.

It	seemed,	for	a	while	after	their	ill-fated	gold-digging	expedition,	that	burying

the	 watch	 and	 the	 notebook	 in	 South	 Africa	 had	 been	 the	 right	 thing	 to	 do,	 but Darren	 still	 had	 to	 deal	 with	 the	 dozen	 or	 so	 rolls	 of	 film	 that	 he	 hadn’t	 had developed	yet.	He’d	buried	those	in	a	swamp	in	Florida	near	Anna’s	parents’	house.

Keeping	those	sorts	of	things	away	from	his	family	was	the	right	thing	to	do	because

now	 they	 had	 a	 lovely	 daughter,	 who	 they	 had	 named	 Dana,	 and	 they	 lived	 just down	 the	 road	 from	 Anna’s	 parents’	 place.	 He	 knew	 that	 he	 needed	 to	 get	 those things	developed,	but	how	would	he	do	it?

Eventually,	 he	 found	 a	 way	 through	 the	 mail	 and	 a	 website	 on	 the	 Internet.

There’d	 been	 no	 drama	 and	 he’d	 gotten	 close	 to	 two	 hundred	 pictures	 plus

negatives.	After	he’d	read	them,	he	mailed	the	prints	to	the	address	that	Bill	Jenkins had	given	him	and	then	reburied	the	negatives	without	arousing	Anna’s	suspicions.

Life	was	going	good	for	a	while.	Darren	had	been	sent	on	half	a	dozen	missions

all	over	the	world,	and	then	he	got	a	phone	call	that	he	had	to	come	home.	Anna’s

parents	were	dying.	When	he	got	back	to	Florida	he	was	told	that	both	Martha	and Terry	 were	 very,	 very	 sick.	 It	 was	 Stage	 four	 cancer.	 For	 both	 of	 them,	 the	 alarm bells	were	ringing!

It	 seemed	 odd	 to	 Darren	 that	 they	 would	 both	 come	 down	 sick	 like	 that	 so suddenly,	and	at	the	same	time,	too!	But	Anna	was	so	struck	by	her	grief,	she	didn’t

have	any	care	for	Darren’s	theories.

Not	wanting	to	upset	his	wife	even	further,	Darren	started	to	keep	his	thoughts

to	himself,	though	it	pained	him	to	see	that	they	didn’t	want	their	house	checked

over	or	their	food	inspected.	He	had	no	choice	but	to	accept	Anna’s	request	to	not

upset	 her	 parents,	 and	 he	 complied	 though	 he	 struggled	 with	 that	 because	 he thought	 moving	 them	 out	 of	 the	 house	 would	 prevent	 their	 deaths.	 He	 suspected something	wasn’t	right	with	it.	Perhaps	Anna’s	boss	had	done	something	to	send	a

warning	to	them	not	to	become	complacent	about	what	they’d	both	seen	and	done

for	the	CIA	and	Orange?

Anna’s	father	died	first.	It	was	less	than	a	month	after	Darren	had	been	sent	back

to	 the	 United	 States.	 Then,	 her	 mother	 passed	 away	 a	 few	 weeks	 after	 that.

Handling	the	death	of	both	of	her	parents	and	a	new	child	was	very	hard	for	Anna.

She	fell	into	depression,	walking	around	the	house	where	she’d	grown	up.	It	was	so

empty,	and	it	seemed	like	her	entire	life’s	story	had	now	ended	there.	It	made	her	so

sad.	And	yet,	she	spent	a	great	deal	of	time	over	there,	sorting	through	things	and

donating	clothes.	It	was	hard	for	her	to	let	go,	but	she	was	still	grateful	that	she	had Darren	looking	after	Dana	at	their	place.

After	a	heated	discussion	regarding	their	next	move,	Anna	left	the	living	room	of

their	house	and	went	to	the	bathroom,	where	she	started	vomiting.	Over	the	next

few	 days,	 she	 started	 experiencing	 a	 lot	 of	 trips	 to	 the	 toilet	 because	 of	 excessive diarrhea,	 and	 that	 really	 worried	 Darren.	 He	 made	 her	 stop	 going	 over	 to	 her parent’s	 house	 and	 instead	 took	 her	 to	 the	 doctor’s	 so	 she	 could	 have	 some	 tests done.	Unfortunately,	they	came	back	positive	for	several	kinds	of	cancer.

Two	weeks	after,	Anna	began	to	feel	sick	as	well.	She	tried	to	brush	it	off.	“It’s

just	a	cold,	honey.”

Darren	insisted,	“Just	go	see	a	doctor,	love.	Do	it	for	me,	won’t	you?”

While	she	was	at	the	medical	clinic,	Darren	left	Dana	with	her	and	went	to	her

parents’	 place.	 He	 had	 the	 front	 door	 key	 and	 walked	 inside	 the	 empty	 house.	 It wasn’t	 long	 before	 the	 air	 quality	 company	 arrived	 for	 the	 appointment	 he’d scheduled	with	them	and	they	took	samples	in	every	room	and	then	promised	to	let

him	 know	 if	 there	 were	 any	 toxic	 substances	 in	 the	 air.	 After	 they’d	 left	 him,	 he took	their	advice	on	how	to	take	soil	samples	around	the	property	and	who	to	take

them	to	so	he	walked	around	the	house	and	dug	up	some	samples,	which	he	then

put	into	separate	plastic	bags.

He’d	just	dropped	them	off	at	the	lab	when	he	remembered	that	his	wife	would

be	expecting	him	back	to	pick	her	up,	so	he	focused	on	getting	back	to	her,	but	he

was	 in	 deep	 shit	 because	 she	 waited	 for	 half	 an	 hour	 outside	 the	 clinic	 with	 their daughter.	He	apologized	profusely	to	her	and	she	wanted	to	know	why	he	was	so

late,	so	he	told	her	that	he’d	been	out	at	her	parent’s	property	taking	soil	samples	to see	 if	 there	 was	 something	 poisonous	 in	 the	 soil.	 “It’s	 the	 one	 common

denominator,	honey.	Your	parents’	place	is	where	you’ve	all	been	and	every	one	of

you	has	gotten	cancer.	We	need	to	keep	Dana	from	ever	going	there.	I’ll	know	in	a

week	if	the	ground’s	contaminated	or	not,”	he	told	her.

She	was	angry	at	him	for	doing	what	he’d	done,	but	she	didn’t	have	the	energy

to	argue.	She	just	wanted	to	go	home	and	sleep.

There	was	no	denying	it	any	longer.	Darren	did	his	best	to	take	care	of	his	wife.

He	had	to	let	Orange	know	about	the	situation,	but	Anna	had	told	him	that	she’d

already	 called	 her	 boss	 and	 told	 him	 that	 she	 needed	 him	 at	 home.	 “You’re	 on medical	leave,	Darren.	So	am	I.	Dana	needs	you.”

At	the	end	of	the	week,	Darren	took	his	daughter	to	the	lab	and	got	a	negative

result	 in	 the	 soil	 contamination.	 He	 paid	 his	 bill	 and	 left	 the	 building.	 Then,	 he drove	to	the	air	quality	testers	and	asked	to	speak	with	the	manager	who	came	out

of	 the	 back	 to	 see	 him.	 He	 was	 not	 happy	 about	 his	 crew	 being	 subjected	 to radioactive	air	particles	and	explained	that	to	Darren.	“Half	my	crew	is	being	tested

right	now	for	what’s	causing	their	bad	health.	That	place	needs	to	be	locked	down

and	 torn	down.	You	can’t	live	in	it.	I	don’t	know	what’s	been	sprayed	in	there	but it’ll	kill	you	if	you	stay	there	long	enough.”

Darren	left	the	office	with	his	daughter	and	took	some	time	to	go	to	the	store	to

get	some	groceries	so	he	could	cook	something	for	her	and	his	wife.	She	needed	to

start	eating	because	she	was	wasting	away.	To	Darren’s	delight,	Anna	was	willing	to

eat	some	chicken	soup,	which	she	managed	to	keep	down	this	time.

Late	at	night,	curled	in	bed	together,	tears	fresh	on	Anna’s	face,	she	said,	“I	can’t

believe	that	this	is	how	the	CIA	decided	to	take	me	out.”

“They	 must	 have	 been	 spraying	 that	 radioactive	 substance	 in	 your	 parents’

house,”	said	Darren,	bitterly.	“I	don’t	know	what	that	stuff	is	 but	half	the	testing

crew	are	sick	like	you	are.”

“I’d	 have	 preferred	 a	 bullet	 in	 the	 brain	 over	 being	 sick	 like	 this.	 And	 my parents	.	.	.	they’re	only	dead	because	of	me.”

“They’re	 dead	 because	 the	 CIA	 is	 filled	 with	 a	 bunch	 of	 rat	 bastards,”	 said Darren,	 firmly.	 “Not	 because	 of	 you.	 Cancer	 is	 their	 biggest	 bio	 weapon.	 Flies under	the	radar	every	time.”

“I	don’t	want	Dana	to	see	me	like	this,	honey.”

Darren	didn’t	want	to	see	her	waste	away	either.	Anna	had	lost	so	much	weight

that	she	was	already	starting	to	look	like	a	skeleton.	She	looked	sicker	with	every	day that	passed	by.	It	broke	his	heart.	“I	understand,	love.”

This	 was	 the	 lowest	 that	 Darren	 had	 ever	 seen	 her.	 The	 way	 she	 looked	 was getting	to	her	as	well.	Darren	could	tell.	He	wondered	if	she	had	enough	energy	for

one	more	trip	but	decided	against	asking.	Even	so,	she	seemed	to	read	his	mind	and

said	she’d	like	to	give	it	a	try.

When	they	drove	out	to	the	mountains,	they	enjoyed	a	magnificent	view	of	a	big

river	at	the	base	of	several	forested	hills.	There	was	a	place	to	camp	so	they	tried	to enjoy	a	night	in	a	tent.

It	 was	 during	 this	 time	 that	 Darren	 brought	 up	 all	 the	 different	 kinds	 of technology	 that	 the	 Orange	 Corporation	 had	 access	 to.	 He	 was	 bitter	 because	 he knew	that	they	had	so	many	kinds	of	gadgets	at	their	R&D	facilities.	Somewhere	in

those	buildings	were	med	beds	that	could	cure	all	diseases	known	to	mankind.	She agreed	 with	 him	 and	 said	 she	 would	 ask	 her	 boss	 and	 see	 what	 he	 said.	 Darren hoped	they	could	negotiate	something	that	would	see	the	cancer	eliminated.

A	few	days	later,	she	told	Darren	that	Alan	Schiff	had	come	back	with	a	“no”	for

an	 answer.	 She	 was	 left	 to	 her	 fate	 and	 would	 have	 to	 start	 doing	 the	 treatment options	that	were	available	to	the	public.	“That’s	basically	death	right	there.	That’s what	we’re	being	left	with.	What	about	doing	this	ourselves?	We	know	it’s	all	about

sound	frequencies.	What	if	we	made	our	own	med	bed	and	used	sound	frequencies

to	kill	your	cancer?	You	might	live.”

Anna	told	Darren	to	go	ahead	but	she	didn’t	think	she	had	enough	time	left	and

he	didn’t	know	how	to	make	a	med	bed	properly.	So,	he	began	researching	on	the

Internet	and	then	went	and	dug	up	his	pictures	to	see	if	there	were	any	references	to

using	 sound	 frequency	 to	 destroy	 cancer	 cells	 in	 the	 body.	 There	 were	 some references	to	other	things	like	levitation,	but	he	hadn’t	taken	pictures	of	any	notes

that	dealt	with	using	sound	waves	to	assist	a	body	in	healing	itself.

Darren	read	countless	white	papers	and	still	managed	to	take	care	of	their	child

and	his	wife.	But	he	wanted	to	do	more.	They	didn’t	have	enough	money	to	hire

anyone,	so	he	called	Bill	and	asked	him	what	he	knew	about	making	a	med	bed.	“I

haven’t	a	clue	how	to	make	one,”	he	said,	but	I	can	start	thinking	about	it,	Darren.

How	much	time	do	we	have?”	he	asked	his	friend.

Darren	didn’t	think	he	had	much	time	left	before	she	passed	away.	“Not	long,

mate.”

That	same	day,	Anna	called	for	Darren.	 She	 was	sleeping	on	 their	living	room

sofa	 and	 wanted	 to	 tell	 him	 about	 where	 she’d	 hidden	 her	 secret	 knowledge	 that she’d	 accumulated	 over	 time	 while	 working	 for	 the	 CIA.	 She	 pointed	 to	 the	 little dog	 sculpture	 on	 the	 shelf,	 which	 he	 went	 and	 looked	 at	 while	 she	 continued speaking.	 “And	 make	 sure	 she	 gets	 that	 little	 clay	 dog,	 won’t	 you?	 That	 was modelled	 after	 the	 real	 dog	 that	 I	 had	 when	 I	 was	 a	 teenager.	 His	 name	 was Sebastian.	What	a	great	dog	he	was!”

Darren	knew	the	dog	she	was	speaking	about.	She’d	shown	him	many	pictures

of	them	together.

“It	 has	 a	 lot	 of	 disks	 inside	 it,	 Darren	 .	 .	 .	 filled	 with	 all	 of	 the	 sensitive information	that	she	might	want	to	know	about	when	she’s	old	enough	to	challenge

the	reality	they’ve	imposed	on	us,”	she	whispered.

He	told	her,	bitterly,	“That’s	why	they	killed	you,	Anna.	For	knowing	about	all

that	shit!”

Anna	smiled	at	him.	“Yeah.	I	know.	I’m	sorry.”

“What?	Sorry?”

“I	told	you	I	would	always	be	honest	with	you.	And	there’s	something	I	didn’t

tell	you	about.”	Anna’s	voice	was	a	rasp.	“Look	up	Nacht	Waffen.	That’s	.	.	.	that’s

the	name	of	the	Bushes’	secret	space	fleet.”

Guilt	hit	Darren	hard.	He	thought	about	the	Tesla	files	that	spoke	of	the	merger

between	the	SS	and	the	OSS—and	the	machines	that	Tesla	had	created	for	them.

“I	know	that	already,	love,”	said	Darren,	softly.

Anna	laughed.	“Of	course	you	do.	Always	the	smart	one.”

“No,	 love.	 That	 was	 you.	 I—Anna,	 what	 am	 I	 supposed	 to	 do	 now?	 It’s	 only going	to	be	a	matter	of	time	before	they	come	for	me.	Or	worse,	before	they	come

for	Dana.”

“Take	 as	 many	 of	 those	 bastards	 out	 as	 you	 can,”	 his	 wife	 replied.	 “If	 you’re going	down,	take	them	down	with	you.	And	then	take	the	truth	to	the	people.”

She	wanted	him	to	be	a	whistleblower.

Darren	could	do	that	.	.	.	for	her.



Time	passed,	both	too	slowly	and	quickly	at	once.

Anna	 only	 grew	 sicklier	 after	 she	 had	 no	 options	 left	 but	 chemo	 treatment.

Before	long,	she	needed	help	getting	in	and	out	of	the	shower.	They	bought	a	chair

to	sit	in,	so	she	could	rest	.	.	.	but	eventually,	Darren	had	to	take	his	shower	at	the same	time	as	her,	so	he	could	wash	Anna’s	hair.

Getting	 dressed	 became	 an	 ordeal.	 Anna’s	 hands	 shook	 too	 badly	 to	 deal	 with buttons	 and	 slippers.	 She	 wore	 mostly	 loose-fitting	 tee	 shirts	 and	 sweatpants.

Dresses.	Anything	with	a	soft	fabric.

It	was	easy	to	tell	that	she	was	only	getting	worse.	Darren	tried	to	cherish	every

moment	that	he	had	left	with	her	as	the	weeks	went	by.	And	Dana	noticed	that	her

mom	was	sick	and	wasn’t	around	as	much,	which	was	upsetting	to	her.	She	would

often	come	to	lie	on	the	couch	with	her	mom	and	have	an	afternoon	nap	or	play	on

the	carpet	in	front	of	the	couch.	They	tried	to	be	a	family	up	to	the	last	second.

Darren	 knew	 it	 would	 never	 be	 enough.	 Not	 enough	 time.	 Not	 enough	 love.

Not	enough	memories.	It	would	always	just	be	too	short.	Their	 forever	would	end in	pieces.

Just	the	thought	was	enough	to	make	Darren	get	choked	up.

He	tried	not	to	think	about	it.

The	day	that	they	put	Anna	into	the	ground	was	the	hardest	of	Darren’s	life.

For	all	that	he’d	seen	and	done	over	the	years,	there	was	nothing	that	could	have

prepared	him	for	that	moment.	He	wore	a	rented	suit.	His	daughter	wore	a	black

dress.	She	didn’t	understand	that	her	mum	wouldn’t	be	coming	back.	The	day	was

clear	with	some	clouds	in	the	sky,	and	a	wind	blew	the	branches	of	the	nearby	trees

as	if	to	send	a	message	that	a	soul	was	moving	on.

One	by	one,	the	attendees	put	a	rose	on	top	of	the	freshly	buried	grave.	Darren

carried	Dana	over,	holding	her	down.

“Give	mommy	a	flower,”	said	Darren.

Confused,	Dana	put	the	rose	on	the	ground.

Darren’s	 breath	 hitched.	 Tears	 streamed	 down	 his	 proud	 face	 as	 he	 held	 his daughter’s	hand.	He	stepped	to	the	side,	watching	as	the	others	finished.	He	stood

there	while	they	came	up,	shook	his	hand,	and	wished	him	well.

At	 the	 end	 of	 the	 line	 was	 Anna’s	 sister,	 Elizabeth	 White.	 It	 was	 the	 first	 time they	had	met	in	person	but	not	the	first	time	that	they	had	spoken.

With	tears	running	down	her	face,	Elizabeth	held	out	her	arms.	“I	 don’t	 mind

watching	her	for	you,	Darren.”

“Thank	you,”	he	replied.	He	gave	Dana	a	kiss	on	the	forehead	and	then	passed

her	over.	Dana	turned	around,	stretching	out	one	chubby	hand	and	reaching	for	her

father.

Elizabeth	shushed	her.	“It’ll	be	okay,	Anna.”

Next,	 Darren	 gave	 her	 a	 set	 of	 keys.	 “This	 will	 let	 you	 into	 our	 house.	 Take whatever	you	want.	Don’t	go	into	your	parent’s	house,	though.	It’s	contaminated

with	 something	 radioactive.	 That’s	 what	 killed	 your	 sister	 and	 your	 mother	 and your	father.	Do	 not	take	Dana	to	that	place.	I’ve	already	had	it	tested	and	the	results came	 back	 positive.	 It	 needs	 to	 be	 demolished,”	 he	 told	 her.	 Darren	 nodded	 his head.	“You	knew	who	your	sister	worked	for,	right?”

Elizabeth	nodded.	“Are	you	saying	they	killed	her	for	what	she	knew?”

“Yes.	 That’s	 what	 I’m	 saying,	 and	 if	 you	 want	 Dana	 to	 stay	 alive,	 you	 need	 to separate	from	me	while	I	go	off	in	another	direction	to	lead	them	away	from	her.”

Elizabeth	 was	 stunned.	 She	 looked	 at	 Dana	 and	 then	 up	 at	 Darren.	 “Are	 you sure?	There’s	going	to	need	to	be	lawyers	involved.	You	can’t	just	pick	up	and	leave

or	Anna	will	be	taken	away	and	put	in	foster	care.”

Darren	hadn’t	 thought	about	 that.	“Okay,	 I’ll	 go	to	a	 lawyer	 and	 sign	 custody

over	to	you.	I’ll	be	in	touch	in	the	next	twenty-four	hours	while	I	sort	things	out,”

he	said.

“Where	 are	 you	 going?”	 Dana	 asked	 her	 father.	 Darren	 kneeled	 down	 and

looked	at	his	daughter.	Tears	streamed	down	his	face	as	he	readied	himself	for	the

biggest	lie	he’d	ever	told	somebody	that	he	loved.

“Dad’s	 got	 to	 go	 to	 work,	 love.	 I’m	 going	 to	 be	 gone	 for	 a	 while.	 Elizabeth	 is Mum’s	sister.	You’re	going	to	be	staying	with	her	for	a	little	while	okay?”

Dana	 wasn’t	 happy	 about	 the	 news	 and	 started	 crying.	 He	 picked	 her	 up	 and held	her	close	for	several	long	minutes	and	then	kissed	her	on	the	cheek	and	handed

her	over	to	Anna’s	sister.	Dana	immediately	began	crying	as	Darren	walked	away.	It

was	a	heartbreaking	moment	that	Darren	would	never	forget.

Just	 as	 Darren	 was	 getting	 ready	 to	 leave,	 a	 familiar	 voice	 called	 out	 to	 him.

“Darren!	Just	a	moment.”

Cold	fury	shot	through	Darren.

It	was	Alan	Schiff.	The	bastard	had	turned	up	at	his	wife’s	funeral.

“I’m	sorry	to	hear	about	your	loss,”	said	Alan.

It	took	all	of	Darren’s	self-resolve	not	to	punch	the	man	right	then	and	there.	He

had	little	doubt	as	to	whether	or	not	Alan	was	involved	in	this.	In	fact,	he	was	fairly certain	that	Alan	had	been	the	one	to	call	for	the	hit.

Darren	turned	his	shoulder	to	the	man.	“Sorry.	I	don’t	have	time	to	chat.”

“It’ll	just	take	a	moment,”	insisted	Alan.

Darren	 ignored	 him	 and	 kept	 walking	 toward	 the	 car.	 He	 couldn’t	 deal	 with

Alan.	Not	right	now,	at	least.	Grief	was	still	a	raw	wound	in	his	chest.	It	would	stay open,	festering,	and	sore	for	a	long	damn	time.

Darren	turned	toward	him	and	poked	him	in	the	chest.	“Look,	you	piece	of	shit.

Don’t	play	with	me.	Her	death	is	on	your	shoulders.	You	could	have	prevented	her

from	dying,	and	we	both	know	it.	Leave	me	the	fuck	alone.	Get	out	of	my	way,”

Mathews	told	the	man	as	he	walked	out	of	the	graveyard	and	got	into	his	wife’s	car.

He	had	barely	pulled	out	of	the	graveyard	before	he	was	on	the	phone	with	his

buddies	Mitch	and	Bill.	He	gave	them	a	brief	rundown	of	what	had	happened,	and

asked	them	to	keep	their	ears	to	the	ground	for	anything	that	might	have	to	do	with

Elizabeth	or	Dana.	Bill	felt	tremendous	guilt	because	he	hadn’t	been	able	to	finish

making	the	med	bed	that	he’d	started	designing	and	felt	like	he’d	failed	his	friend.

“Don’t	 worry,	 mate.	 You	 tried.	 That’s	 all	 you	 could	 have	 done.	 I’m	 grateful	 that you	stuck	 with	 us	 to	the	 end,”	Darren	said	 before	he	ended	the	call	 due	to	 being overwhelmed	with	emotion.	He’d	just	lost	so	much	in	such	a	short	time.

By	 the	 next	 morning,	 he	 was	 at	 a	 lawyer’s	 office	 signing	 papers,	 and	 then	 he phoned	 Elizabeth	 and	 told	 her	 the	 details	 of	 where	 she	 needed	 to	 go	 in	 order	 to have	proper	representation.	“I’m	signing	over	Anna’s	house	to	you	to	sell,	and	then

I	 want	 you	 to	 move	 away	 from	 the	 area.	 Start	 a	 new	 life,	 and	 protect	 my	 kid.

Someday	 I	 hope	 she’ll	 want	 to	 see	 me	 again,”	 he	 said	 as	 he	 looked	 around	 the phonebooth	he	was	standing	in.

By	5	p.m.,	Darren	had	what	he	needed	from	their	house	and	he	left	with	a	fully

packed	 car.	 His	 next	 destination	 was	 an	 old	 silver	 mine	 out	 in	 Arizona.	 Anna’s father	had	owned	it.	Then,	it	was	handed	down	to	Anna	after	his	death	and	she	had

given	it	to	Darren	because	he	was	so	interested	in	mining.

It	made	a	good	hideout	for	him	while	he	made	plans	to	leave	the	country.	He

knew	 where	 Anna’s	 father	 had	 buried	 a	 large	 cache	 of	 silver	 bars	 there	 and	 made several	trips	to	places	where	he	could	sell	several	hundred	ounces	at	a	time	until	it

was	all	gone.	Once	he	had	accumulated	several	hundred	thousand	in	cash,	Mathews

drove	around	to	find	people	that	had	baseball	and	hockey	cards	for	sale.	It	was	an

easy	way	for	him	to	smuggle	small	items	that	were	worth	a	lot	of	money	out	of	the

country	without	having	a	thick	stack	of	cash	in	his	bags.

By	the	end	of	the	week,	he’d	been	able	to	convert	money	into	collectibles	that

were	 small	 enough	 to	 mail	 out	 of	 the	 country.	 One	 by	 one,	 he	 wrapped	 up	 each collectible	 card	 into	 cardboard	 CD	 mailers	 and	 sent	 them	 to	 several	 locations around	the	world.	His	father	would	be	scratching	his	head	when	he	started	receiving

the	cards	that	he’d	sent	to	his	address,	but	he’d	understand	what	his	son	was	doing

when	he	saw	the	Wayne	Gretzky	rookie	cards	and	the	Mickey	Mantle	baseball	card.

He’d	paid	a	pretty	penny	for	each	one.	Each	day,	he	had	gone	to	a	different	post

office	 and	 mailed	 a	 different	 envelope	 to	 a	 different	 location.	 Some	 went	 to	 Bill Jenkins.	Some	went	to	his	father’s	address.	Other	cards	he	kept	in	his	own	luggage.

Darren	 hoped	 that	 the	 stuff	 he’d	 mailed	 to	 Bill	 would	 be	 sold	 and	 the	 money that	Bill	got	for	the	cards	would	help	him	with	his	research	and	development	on	the

med	 beds	 because	 he	 didn’t	 want	 that	 idea	 to	 be	 stopped.	 He	 knew	 they	 existed, and	he	wanted	to	have	access	to	one	if	he	or	his	friends	were	ever	attacked	in	this

manner	again.

Darren	also	decided	to	purchase	a	few	gold	coins—not	many	but	enough	to	mail

to	 his	 father	 and	 to	 Bill.	 The	 remaining	 gold	 coins	 he	 kept	 in	 his	 car	 until	 he decided	 how	 he	 could	 get	 them	 out	 of	 the	 country.	 He	 was	 starting	 to	 think	 he could	walk	in	with	a	few	in	his	pocket	and	put	a	few	more	in	his	carry-on	luggage

when	he	boarded	the	plane	that	would	take	him	to	the	African	continent.

The	day	finally	came,	though,	when	he	had	to	say	goodbye	to	Florida.	He	drove

back	to	the	law	office	one	last	time	and	dropped	off	a	box	that	contained	some	cash

and	 some	 coins	 and	 the	 paperwork	 for	 the	 silver	 mine	 since	 he	 didn’t	 see	 himself

coming	 back	 there.	 The	 rights	 to	 the	 mine	 were	 still	 worth	 some	 money,	 but	 he didn’t	know	exactly	how	much	he’d	get	for	the	site.	It	was	still	able	to	produce	a	fair bit	 of	 silver	 and	 might	 be	 worth	 holding	 onto,	 he	 suggested	 in	 a	 letter	 he	 had written	to	Anna’s	sister	the	night	before.	After	thanking	the	lawyer	for	passing	on

the	box	to	his	wife’s	sister,	he	left	the	building	and	walked	back	out	to	Anna’s	car.

He	still	had	to	get	rid	of	the	vehicle,	and	he	didn’t	want	to	spend	a	lot	of	time	on	it.

As	he	drove	around,	he	considered	going	to	a	dealership	and	offering	them	the	car

at	a	rock	bottom	price,	but	he	didn’t	get	any	interest	from	the	first	place	he	stopped at,	which	frustrated	him.	While	he	ate	at	a	restaurant	he	thought	about	his	daughter

and	the	life	she	would	now	have	with	Elizabeth.	He	hoped	that	they	would	be	able

to	use	the	money	that	he’d	left	for	them	to	start	their	new	life	away	from	danger.

With	 his	 checklist	 complete,	 Darren	 drove	 around	 town	 taking	 a	 last	 look	 at Florida	when	he	saw	a	veteran	sitting	behind	a	sign	on	the	side	of	the	street.	The

man	said	he	was	looking	for	a	job	and	so	Darren	decided	to	ask	him	if	he’d	accept

the	 car	 as	 a	 gift.	 He	 explained	 his	 situation	 and	 after	 the	 homeless	 veteran	 was convinced	that	Darren	was	being	sincere	he	got	in	the	car	with	him	and	they	drove

towards	 the	 closest	 department	 of	 motor	 vehicles	 so	 they	 could	 get	 the	 forms required	for	a	transfer	of	vehicle	ownership.	Darren	learned	that	the	guy’s	name	was

Carl	 Hannagan,	 and	 he’d	 been	 in	 Iraq	 in	 1991	 serving	 with	 the	 Special	 Forces, which	some	of	Darren’s	SAS	friends	had	also	been	in.

After	 the	 car	 was	 put	 in	 Carl’s	 name,	 he	 was	 so	 happy	 that	 he	 volunteered	 to drive	him	to	the	airport.	As	he	drove	him,	he	checked	out	the	vehicle	and	told	him

it	 would	 allow	 him	 to	 leave	 the	 state	 and	 drive	 back	 to	 Maine	 where	 he	 could reunite	 with	 his	 father	 and	 younger	 brother.	 They	 owned	 a	 lobster	 boat,	 and	 he might	be	able	to	start	working	with	them.	He	had	hope	in	his	voice	and	that	made

Darren	feel	pretty	good.

“Where	you	going	to	go	now?”	Carl	asked	curiously	as	he	parked	the	car	at	the

airport	 parking	 lot	 for	 drop-offs.	 “I’m	 going	 half	 a	 world	 away,	 mate.	 Back	 to Australia,	I	guess.	My	wife’s	died	and	there’s	nothing	more	for	me	here.	Take	this

car	 and	 start	 building	 your	 life	 back	 up.	 There’s	 no	 way	 the	 government	 should

throw	you	to	the	curb	and	leave	you	outside	in	the	cold.	I’m	a	veteran	too,	mate.

Least	I	can	do.”

The	two	men	shook	hands.	“Good	luck,	man.	Thanks,	Darren.	Nobody’s	given

me	this	much	kindness	since	I	got	back	from	the	Middle	East.”

Darren	 got	 out	 of	 the	 car	 and	 waved	 back	 at	 Carl.	 “Good	 luck	 to	 you,	 too, mate.”	He	then	took	his	suitcase	and	walked	into	the	airport	to	see	if	he	could	get	a

ticket	that	might	take	him	back	to	South	Africa,	and	from	there,	he’d	make	his	own

way	back	to	his	father	who	was	going	to	be	in	either	Nigeria	or	the	Congo.	At	this

point,	he	had	no	idea	which	one	it	would	be.





Epilogue

I	 want	 them,”	 wailed	 Dana.	 She	 threw	 herself	 down	 on	 the	 bed.	 She	 was

seven	years	old	and	couldn’t	understand	where	her	parents	had	gone.

Elizabeth	understood.	She	was	her	mother’s	younger	sister	and	she	missed	her	as

much	as	Dana	did.	 Anna	had	 always	 been	 a	 secretive	 person.	 Elizabeth	 had	 never expected	that	one	day,	she	would	be	the	only	one	there	to	raise	her	young	niece.

Hell,	up	until	recently,	Elizabeth	hadn’t	even	realized	she	had	a	niece!

She	sat	down	 on	the	edge	 of	 the	 mattress.	 Elizabeth	 put	 a	hand	 on	her	niece’s

back.	“I	 know,	 Dana.	 I	 know	 things	 are	 hard	 right	 now.	 But	 I	 promise	 you,	 it’s going	to	be	okay.”

Dana	was	crying	uncontrollably.	She	clutched	her	pillow.	“I	want	them!	I	miss

them!”

“Shh,	 shh,	 it’s	 going	 to	 be	 okay,	 honey!”	 Elizabeth	 carefully	 bundled	 her	 niece up,	pulling	her	into	a	hug.	“We	need	to	be	brave.	It’s	only	the	two	of	us	right	now.

We	have	to	look	out	for	each	other,”	she	said.

Dana	only	fought	it	for	a	moment	before	collapsing	against	her	aunt.	She	cried

so	hard	that	her	shoulders	were	shaking.

This	wasn’t	Dana’s	first	meltdown.	It	wouldn’t	be	her	last,	either.

Elizabeth	was	a	full-grown	adult	when	she	lost	her	parents.	She	understood	the

concept	 of	 death.	 It	 had	 still	 gutted	 her.	 There	 were	 songs	 she	 couldn’t	 listen	 to without	 crying.	 There	 were	 places	 she	 couldn’t	 go.	 Series	 and	 movies	 that	 she couldn’t	watch.	Books	that	she	couldn’t	read.

Elizabeth	 couldn’t	 imagine	 how	 much	 more	 difficult	 it	 must	 be	 for	 a	 child	 to lose	both	of	her	parents	though.	Wherever	Darren	was	going,	he	hoped	he	would	be

okay.

Dana	 was	 too	 young	 to	 understand	 how	 this	 had	 happened	 or	 why	 she	 was

suddenly	living	with	her	aunt	down	in	Florida.	She	was	just	a	scared	little	girl	who

missed	her	parents.

There	was	no	way	that	Elizabeth	could	ever	take	their	place.

But	as	she	sat	there,	humming	and	rocking	and	singing	Dana	a	lullaby,	Elizabeth

knew	that	she	would	still	do	her	best	to	raise	Dana.	Now	she	had	to	think	about

putting	Anna’s	home	on	the	market	and	moving	to	another	state.	She	had	always

wanted	to	move	to	Hawaii,	and	maybe	now	was	the	time	to	do	that	too.	Elizabeth

swore,	in	that	moment,	to	 always	be	there	for	her	niece.	No	matter	what.



Reviews

Thank	you	for	reading	the	first	book	in	the	series.	If	you	liked	the	story	and

would	 like	 to	 hear	 what	 you	 thought	 about	 it,	 please	 consider	 posting	 a	 review.	 I hope	 it	 makes	 you	 think	 about	 the	 technology	 that	 we’ve	 been	 prevented	 from having	access	to,	and	I	hope	that	we’ll	be	allowed	to	finally	branch	out	into	space,

rejecting	modern	slavery	packaged	as	freedom.



And	 don’t	 miss	 the	 next	 story	 in	 the	 Obliterating	 the	 Deep	 State	 Series: Whistleblower—Book	II	.	.	.

Darren	 is	 done	 waiting	 for	 Trump	 to	 give	 us	 disclosure.	 Empowered	 by	 what	 he’s heard	 from	 Dr	 Steven	 Greer,	 he	 decides	 that	 it’s	 time	 for	 the	 truth	 to	 come	 out.

Suppressed	 technological	 advances,	 bioweapons,	 interventionism,	 a	 one-world

government—Darren	 is	 about	 to	 throw	 open	 the	 floodgates.	 He	 knows	 from	 his	 wife’s murder	 that	 whistleblowing	 comes	 at	 a	 price,	 but	 the	 Deep	 State	 will	 soon	 learn	 that there’s	no	greater	enemy	than	a	man	prepared	to	lose	everything.	With	the	help	of	Jason DeBruin	 and	 his	 website,	 UFO	 Watchers,	 this	 former	 Australian	 SAS	 soldier	 will	 tell

the	entire	world	what	he	 knows	before	America	collapses	as	planned	by	the	Luciferian Clinton-Obama-Bush	 cartels.	 What	 he’s	 about	 to	 reveal	 will	 challenge	 everything	 you thought	 you	 knew	 about	 technology,	 history,	 and	 the	 human	 race	 itself.	 And	 once	 you open	this	Pandora’s	Box,	it	won’t	be	closed	again.





Document Outline


Prologue

Chapter 1

Chapter 2: Darren Mathews

Chapter 3: Lovers

Chapter 4: Diego Garcia

Chapter 5: New Discovery

Chapter 6: Tesla

Chapter 7: Leave

Chapter 8: Level Seven

Chapter 9: 1896

Chapter 10: Water

Chapter 11: 1889

Chapter 12: Silo

Chapter 13: Secrets

Chapter 14: 1936

Chapter 15: Africa

Chapter 16: Circle of Life

Epilogue





