Copyright	©	Lovy	Books	Ltd,	2019

Summer	Cooper	has	asserted	her	right	under	the	Copyright,	Designs	and	Patents	Act	1988	to	be identified	as	the	author	of	this	work.

This	book	is	a	work	of	fiction.	Names	and	characters	are	the	product	of	the	author’s	imagination	and	any resemblance	to	actual	persons,	living	or	dead,	is	entirely	coincidental.

In	no	way	is	it	legal	to	reproduce,	duplicate,	or	transmit	any	part	of	this	document	in	either	electronic	means or	in	printed	format.	Recording	of	this	publication	is	strictly	prohibited	and	any	storage	of	this	document	is not	allowed	unless	with	written	permission	from	the	publisher.	All	rights	reserved.

Respective	authors	own	all	copyrights	not	held	by	the	publisher.

Lovy	Books	Ltd

20-22	Wenlock	Road

London	N1	7GU





CONTENTS

1. Emily

2. Dylan

3. Emily

4. Dylan

5. Emily

6. Dylan

7. Dylan

8. Emily

9. Dylan

10. Emily

11. Dylan

12. Emily

13. Dylan

14. Emily

15. Dylan

16. Emily

17. Dylan

18. Emily

19. Dylan

20. Emily

About	Summer	Cooper





1

EMILY

“Emily,	we’ll	be	back	around	nine.	Don’t	let	the	kids	stay	up	too	late.”

Jessi,	my	sister-in-law,	said	from	the	doorway	to	the	living	room.

As	if	her	twin	girls	would	ever	listen	to	a	thing	I	said.	The	door	closed,	and	I turned	to	my	twin	nieces.	“Who	wants	ice	cream?”

The	two	little	girls,	identical	blonde,	sweet	tyrants,	screamed	with	joy	as	they looked	 back	 at	 me	 with	 gray	 eyes	 so	 similar	 to	 mine.	 They	 could	 be	 mine,	 if	 I wasn’t	 so	 busy	 all	 the	 time.	 I	 pushed	 the	 thought	 away	 and	 stood	 up	 from	 the pillow	fort	they’d	built	around	me	to	head	into	the	kitchen.

Harry,	 the	 baby	 brother	 of	 the	 twins,	 slept	 in	 a	 playpen	 near	 the	 dark	 gray leather	sofa,	so	I	left	him	there.	He	was	a	growing	boy,	and	he	needed	his	sleep.

Soon	enough	he’d	join	his	older	sisters	in	the	kitchen	with	me.

I	found	the	girls	on	bar	stools	around	the	marble	island	in	the	kitchen.	It	was the	kind	of	kitchen	any	baker	would	love.	It	was	Jessi’s	kitchen,	after	all,	and	she needed	 three	 industrial	 sized	 ovens.	 I	 turned	 to	 the	 fridge,	 the	 same	 stainless steel	 as	 the	 oven,	 stove,	 and	 microwave,	 and	 asked	 which	 ice	 cream	 the	 girls wanted.

“I	want	strawberry,	please,	Aunty.”	Breanna,	always	the	polite	one,	informed me	sweetly.

“Yuck!	I	don’t	like	strawberry!	I	would	like	rocky	road,	please.”	Rhiannon, the	bossier	of	the	two	and	always	the	most	opinionated,	cried	out	from	her	perch by	her	sister.

They	were	two	peas	in	a	pod,	but	they	were	also	quite	different	when	it	came

to	their	personalities.	Even	if	they	were	identical.

“You	two	don’t	know	how	lucky	you	are	to	have	a	mother	who’s	a	baker,”	I

muttered,	 more	 to	 myself	 than	 to	 them.	 I	 pulled	 out	 two	 cartons	 of	 ice	 cream from	the	freezer	and	a	plate	of	brownies	from	the	drawer	above	it.	I	microwaved the	brownies	for	a	minute	and	added	the	ice	cream	to	each	bowl,	before	I	added a	spoon	and	gave	the	bowls	to	the	girls.

I’d	only	put	in	small	amounts,	the	girls	were	still	little	after	all,	and	sat	with them,	 a	 small	 bowl	 of	 my	 own	 in	 front	 of	 me.	 “What	 movie	 are	 we	 going	 to watch,	girls?”

The	girls	began	to	argue	about	which	family-friendly	movie	they	wanted	to

watch	first,	and	my	thoughts	drifted.	Jessi	and	Trent	were	off	for	a	charity	ball, and	I’d	been	enlisted	to	watch	the	girls	and	baby	Harry.	I	knew	the	routine.	I’d helped	with	babysitting	since	the	girls	were	first	born	and	had	also	helped	with my	other	nieces	and	nephews.

Over	 the	 last	 five	 years,	 what	 was	 a	 small	 family	 of	 three	 brothers	 and	 a sister,	had	turned	into	one	huge	family.	I	often	spent	time	flying	back	and	forth to	 watch	 the	 children	 who	 resulted	 from	 my	 brothers’	 unexpected,	 but	 totally welcome,	 romances.	 The	 hard	 men	 I’d	 barely	 known	 in	 my	 younger	 days	 had now	become	men	with	a	softness	around	their	hard	edges,	and	I	was	a	spinster.

I	looked	at	the	bowl	in	front	of	me,	totally	untouched,	and	imagined	a	candle on	the	top	of	it.	The	birthday	song	played	in	my	head,	and	I	had	to	swipe	a	tear away.	How	had	all	of	them	forgotten	it	was	my	birthday?	I	hadn’t	received	a	call from	any	of	my	brothers	or	my	sisters-in-law.	Even	Trent	and	Jessi	had	forgotten about	the	event.

I’d	 kind	 of	 hoped	 that	 one	 of	 them	 would	 remember,	 that	 there’d	 been	 a surprise	 element	 to	 tonight’s	 babysitting	 gig,	 but	 no.	 Just	 a	 charity	 event somewhere	in	downtown	Myrtle	Beach	that	they’d	planned	to	attend.	Jessi	had looked	 glorious	 in	 a	 black	 velvet	 gown,	 and	 Trent	 was	 always	 impressive	 in	 a tux.

I	swiped	at	the	blonde	ponytail	that	had	fallen	over	my	shoulder	and	gave	the girls	a	wan	smile.

“What’s	 wrong,	 Aunty?”	 little	 Rhiannon	 asked	 softly.	 She	 put	 her	 spoon

down	and	put	her	tiny	little	hand	on	my	cheek.	“Do	you	have	a	sad?”

“I	do,	honey,	but	you	two	make	it	all	better.	And	Harry,	of	course.”

“Do	 you	 want	 to	 watch	 a	 grown-up	 movie	 instead	 of	 one	 of	 our	 movies?”

Breanna	added	from	her	stool.

“No,	 honey,	 it’s	 fine.	 Let’s	 wash	 up	 the	 bowls	 and	 settle	 in.	 A	 nice	 long cuddle	 with	 you	 two	 will	 make	 it	 all	 better.”	 I	 loved	 my	 siblings	 and	 their children,	but	sometimes,	I	wanted	what	they	had	for	myself.

I	didn’t	resent	that	I	was	the	family’s	version	of	Mary	Poppins.	I	just	wanted them	to	recognize	that	three	flights	a	week	was	too	much,	and	that	I	needed	time to	myself.	And	to	have	my	special	dates	noticed.	I	only	really	had	one,	after	all; why	had	it	been	so	hard	to	remember	this	year?

Jessi	and	Trent	had	a	new	baby	to	deal	with,	as	did	Mason	and	Laura.	They’d adopted	 a	 lovely	 little	 girl	 a	 month	 ago	 to	 add	 to	 the	 two	 children	 they’d	 had previously.	 Ember	 and	 Kevin	 only	 had	 one	 child,	 a	 beautiful	 little	 version	 of Ember	 that	 they’d	 called	 Bridget	 after	 her	 mother.	 That	 still	 amused	 me,	 that Ember’s	real	name	was	Bridget	Jones.

I’d	 loved	 Ember	 from	 the	 moment	 I	 met	 her,	 and	 that	 voice?	 She	 was	 a wonder,	 but	 then	 all	 of	 my	 sisters-in-law	 were	 wondrous.	 Then	 there	 was	 me.

The	family	caretaker	and	a	spinster.	What	a	life.

The	girls	surprised	me	and	fell	asleep	twenty	minutes	into	the	movie.	We’d

piled	up	on	the	broad,	black	velvet	couch	in	front	of	the	large	screen	television, one	 on	 each	 side	 of	 me,	 and	 I	 was	 now	 stuck	 between	 them.	 I	 didn’t	 want	 to wake	 them	 up,	 but	 my	 phone	 began	 to	 buzz.	 I	 struggled	 for	 a	 moment	 and wanted	to	scream	when	the	phone	almost	fell	off	the	edge	of	the	end	table,	but	I caught	it.

I	 opened	 the	 screen	 to	 see	 a	 text	 from	 my	 friend,	 Roxie	 Simpson,	 on	 the screen.

<Hey,	girl,	happy	birthday.	Want	to	celebrate	with	me	after	my	set?>

I	grinned,	the	pain	in	my	chest	eased	just	a	fraction.	I	thought	about	what	to say,	about	what	she	offered,	and	decided	that,	yes,	I	did	want	to	celebrate.

<Are	 you	 sure	 you	 want	 to	 party	 with	 an	 old	 woman	 like	 me?	 I’m	 twenty-seven	now!>

The	response	was	almost	instantaneous,	and	I	grinned	wider.

<Shut	up,	you	aren’t	old.	You’re	only	a	few	months	older	than	me.	Meet	me at	my	apartment	around	ten?>

<I’ll	 be	 there.	 I	 have	 to	 wait	 for	 Trent	 and	 Jessi	 to	 get	 back,	 then	 I’ll	 be there.>

I	felt	a	little	better	about	life	after	that,	and	I	couldn’t	wait	to	see	what	Roxie had	in	store.	She	wasn’t	the	kind	of	person	you’d	associate	with	a	woman	of	my class.	My	father	owned	hotel	chains	across	the	world,	but	she	was	one	of	the	best friends	I	had.	Now	that	Jessi	was	a	wife	and	mother,	I	spent	a	lot	of	time	with	my best	friend	too	busy	to	talk	to	me.

I’d	met	Roxie	at	a	fundraiser	I’d	been	part	of.	She’d	helped	to	organize	the event,	 and	 we’d	 hit	 it	 off.	 She’d	 been	 in	 a	 wonderful	 lavender	 suit	 that	 fit	 her form,	 but	 she’d	 looked	 classy	 and	 well	 put	 together	 with	 her	 makeup	 in	 place and	 her	 manners	 impeccable.	 I	 hadn’t	 known	 she	 was	 a	 stripper	 until	 she	 told me.	Exotic	dancer,	that’s	what	she	called	it.

Only	 she	 wasn’t	 just	 an	 exotic	 dancer,	 the	 woman	 had	 skills	 and	 had	 won competitions	 all	 over	 the	 country	 with	 her	 performances.	 She	 continued	 to perform,	 but	 in	 her	 spare	 time,	 she	 volunteered	 with	 the	 charity	 I’d	 become	 a part	 of.	 She	 worked	 at	 some	 kind	 of	 exclusive	 gentlemen's	 club,	 code	 for	 strip joint,	but	she’d	alluded	to	the	fact	that	it	was	far	more	than	that.

I’d	often	wondered	about	those	allusions,	and	exactly	what	Roxie	did	to	earn her	money.	She	lived	in	a	nice	apartment	on	the	outskirts	of	Myrtle	Beach	and drove	a	nice	car.	She	always	looked	impeccably	dressed,	unless	she	was	at	home, and	then	she’d	put	on	jeans	and	a	tank	top,	or	shorts	and	sweaters.	Basically,	she was	just	like	me,	except	I	lived	in	a	mansion,	didn’t	really	have	a	specific	job, was	rich,	and	the	world	was	my	oyster.	She	had	to	work	for	her	money.

I	 wasn’t	 judging	 her;	 that	 wasn’t	 the	 problem	 at	 all.	 On	 the	 contrary,	 I	 was quite	 intrigued	 about	 Roxie’s	 life.	 She	 said	 she	 found	 her	 routines	 to	 be	 an escape,	and	the	other	tasks	she	did;	well,	sexual	gratification	was	always	a	good thing.	I	wouldn’t	know.	But	I	wanted	to.

I	 took	 the	 girls	 up	 to	 their	 bedroom,	 put	 them	 each	 in	 their	 little	 pink	 fairy princess	 beds,	 and	 left	 a	 nightlight	 on	 for	 them.	 Jessi	 and	 Trent	 would	 be	 back

soon,	 and	 I’d	 be	 on	 my	 way.	 I	 went	 downstairs	 to	 check	 on	 Harry,	 found	 him awake,	and	gave	him	a	bottle	while	we	waited.

“Your	mommy	and	daddy	will	be	home	soon,	my	little	love,”	I	said	to	him	as

he	stared	up	at	me	with	eyes	so	like	Trent’s.	Like	mine.

I	never	had	time	to	date	or	find	a	husband,	but	at	night,	when	I	was	alone	in my	rooms	at	whatever	hotel	I	called	home	for	the	moment,	I’d	think	about	my future.	Right	now,	it	looked	empty	and	bleak.	I	wanted	a	family,	and	the	look	of happiness	that	my	brothers	now	wore.	I	wanted	a	baby	of	my	own	and	a	family.

Or	 so	 I	 considered.	 I	 knew	 I	 wanted	 children,	 but	 maybe	 not	 right	 away?	 I grinned	a	little	as	I	burped	Harry	over	my	shoulder	and	felt	his	little	snuffles	fall back	to	snores.	Such	a	tiny	little	being,	and	so	sweet.

The	problem	was,	I	wanted	that	same	sweetness	for	myself,	but	I	also	wanted some	 of	 the	 wildness	 that	 Roxie	 had	 told	 me	 about.	 Parties	 where	 everybody ended	up	naked,	and	the	private	rooms	some	of	the	patrons	of	the	club	rented	for their	own	escapades.	I	wanted	to	know	more	about	that	world.

I	 wanted	 to	 explore	 it	 and	 find	 out	 what	 it	 was	 all	 about.	 I	 was	 more	 than ready	to	find	out	what	happened	in	the	world	of	the	grownups.	I	might	have	been rich,	but	I	was	also	very	sheltered,	and	I	wanted	to	tear	that	shelter	down.

I’d	formed	a	plan	by	the	time	Trent	and	Jessi	came	back	to	the	house	at	nine.

I	headed	back	to	the	hotel,	changed	into	an	outfit	I’d	hidden	away	in	my	suitcase of	secret	wonders,	and	looked	at	myself	in	the	mirror.	I’d	applied	a	little	makeup, just	 enough	 to	 make	 the	 gray	 in	 my	 eyes	 lighter,	 and	 had	 curled	 my	 hair	 into long	waves.	The	lace	top,	with	a	shelf	bra	to	protect	my	modesty,	and	short	white skirt	spoke	of	my	innocence,	but	left	little	to	the	imagination.

I	added	a	pair	of	white	heels,	then	left	the	room	with	a	bag	in	hand.	I	went down	to	the	parking	garage,	found	the	family	car	that	was	left	there	for	any	of	us to	use,	and	drove	to	Roxie’s	place.	She	let	me	in	with	a	scream	of	excitement	and a	hug.

“Girl,	it’s	been	a	month	since	I’ve	seen	you!	How	are	you?”	She	offered	me

a	drink,	and	we’d	both	sat	by	the	time	I	got	around	to	answering	her.

“I’ve	 been	 rushed	 off	 my	 feet.	 I	 keep	 flying	 from	 place	 to	 place,	 and	 I	 tell you,	 I’m	 tired.”	 I	 sipped	 at	 the	 wine	 she’d	 given	 me	 and	 set	 the	 glass	 on	 the

table.

Her	living	room	was	done	in	white,	glass,	and	gold	trimmings.	Tasteful	but

not	gaudy.	I	didn’t	want	to	ruin	her	carpets	with	red	wine	if	I	got	clumsy,	so	I’d asked	for	white	wine.

“Why	don’t	you	tell	them	to	hire	a	nanny,	honey?	You	can’t	keep	living	like this.”

I	 looked	 at	 her	 with	 a	 little	 guilt	 on	 my	 face	 before	 I	 smiled.	 “I	 told	 Trent tonight	that	I	needed	more	time	to	myself,	and	I	wouldn’t	be	watching	the	kids so	 much.	 I	 need	 to	 be	 here	 to	 work	 on	 that	 project	 we’ve	 started,	 and	 I’ll	 be around,	 but	 I	 won’t	 be	 flying	 back	 and	 forth	 between	 Laura	 and	 Mason	 in Charlotte,	 and	 Kevin	 and	 Ember	 in	 Tennessee.	 I	 know	 they	 all	 want	 someone they	 trust	 around	 their	 kids,	 but	 you’re	 right,	 Roxie.	 It’s	 time	 for	 me	 to	 spread my	 wings.”	 I	 left	 out	 the	 part	 where	 I	 wanted	 her	 to	 help	 me	 do	 just	 that.	 For now.

“Okay!	Good	for	you!	I’m	glad	you	finally	did	that.	It	will	be	nice	to	have you	 around.”	 She	 was	 two	 feet	 away	 on	 the	 other	 end	 of	 the	 white	 damask couch.	I	couldn’t	help	but	compare	myself	to	her.

She	wore	a	black	leather	bustier	type	top	and	black	leather	pants,	yet	she	still looked	 sophisticated.	 Maybe	 it	 was	 the	 black	 patent	 leather	 Prada	 kitten	 heels, the	 way	 her	 blonde	 hair	 was	 never	 out	 of	 place,	 or	 maybe	 it	 was	 the	 fact	 that Roxie	 never	 sweated,	 even	 in	 the	 heat,	 but	 she	 always	 looked	 so	 cool	 and collected,	in	control.	I	admired	her.	Those	blue	eyes	helped	too.	They	were	so…

bright.

I	 felt	 underdressed,	 and	 maybe	 a	 little	 trashy	 in	 my	 attempts	 at	 sexy	 but sophisticated.	 I	 looked	 down	 at	 my	 lace	 top,	 something	 I	 would	 never	 wear	 to any	 place	 my	 brothers	 or	 parents	 might	 see	 me,	 and	 wondered	 if	 it	 wasn’t	 a childish	choice.	Something	someone	pretending	to	be	sophisticated	would	pick.

If	it	was	frumpy	but	stylish,	then	I	could	pick	it	out.	A	suit	that	leaned	a	little to	 the	 too	 tight	 was	 about	 as	 risqué	 as	 I	 usually	 went.	 This	 outfit	 was	 my	 first attempt	to	fit	into	Roxie’s	world,	which	was	much	different	from	my	own.	Even if	 her	 world	 was	 full	 of	 power,	 controlling	 that	 power,	 and	 money.	 Not	 so different	from	mine,	but	the	power	struggles	flowed	different	ways.

“Right,	 girl,”	 Roxie	 said	 as	 she	 nudged	 me	 with	 her	 manicured	 fingers.

“What	do	you	want	to	do	for	your	birthday?	Where	do	you	want	to	go?”

I	looked	at	her,	my	breath	caught	in	my	chest.	I	had	a	plan,	a	cunning	one,	if she’d	play	along	with	it.	“I,	uh,	I	want	a	favor	from	you.	Please.”

“Alright?”	she	said,	a	darkened	eyebrow	arched	at	me	questioningly.

“I	want	you	to	take	me	to	that	club.	The	gentlemen’s	club.	I	want	to	see	what it’s	like	in	there.	What	the	men	are	like,	what	happens	with	the	women.	I	really, really	want	to	find	out	for	myself.”

Her	 ruby	 red	 lips	 twisted	 into	 an	 amused	 smirk,	 and	 her	 eyes	 looked	 at	 me with	pride.	“Oh,	girl.	You	want	the	birthday	of	a	lifetime,	then?”

“I	 do.	 Badly.	 Please,	 will	 you	 take	 me?”	 I	 waited,	 my	 hands	 clenched together	as	she	looked	me	over.	She	just	had	to	say	yes.	It	was	my	birthday,	and she	was	the	only	one	who	remembered!





2

DYLAN

“Y ou’re	a	descendent	of	Jesse	James,	aren’t	you?”	a	woman	at	the

end	of	the	conference	table	asked.

My	gaze	flicked	to	the	woman,	and	I	noted	round,	out	of	date

glasses,	fuzzy	hair,	and	a	little	too	much	fluff	around	the	hips.	She	had	a	twisted little	mouth	that	looked	cruel,	and	I	wondered	who	she	was	and	how	she’d	come to	be	here.

“I	 am,	 yes,	 in	 a	 way.	 I’m	 adopted,	 but	 the	 man	 who	 became	 my	 father	 is descended	 from	 his	 son,	 as	 a	 matter	 of	 fact.”	 It	 wasn’t	 a	 point	 of	 pride,	 just something	 I’d	 had	 to	 learn	 to	 deal	 with	 over	 the	 years.	 Every	 now	 and	 then someone	 would	 crop	 up	 to	 ask	 me	 if	 I	 had	 special	 knowledge	 about	 the gunslinging	outlaw	from	long	ago.

I	 was	 born	 in	 1986,	 so	 how	 could	 I	 know	 anything	 about	 a	 man	 who	 died over	100	years	before	I	was	born?	It	was	a	familiar	question,	though,	and	one	I’d grown	bored	with	long	ago.

“He	was	such	a	handsome	man,”	she	crooned	from	the	other	end	of	the	table,

and	 I	 tried	 not	 to	 roll	 my	 eyes.	 The	 man	 had	 been	 a	 murderer	 and	 a	 thief;	 his spawn	had	tried	to	live	good	lives,	despite	their	ignoble	birth,	and	to	get	on	with life.	We	didn’t	see	him	as	a	romantic	hero,	even	if	he	had	been	handsome.

“I	suppose	if	you	consider	murderous	bank	robbers	handsome,	well,	I	guess

he	 was,”	 I	 muttered	 and	 looked	 away.	 The	 woman	 I’d	 been	 waiting	 on,	 Liz Kearny,	came	in	to	the	meeting	room	at	last.

“Dylan	 James,	 as	 I	 live	 and	 breathe,	 how	 are	 you?”	 Her	 wide,	 red	 painted

smile	greeted	me	and	hid	the	lust	in	her	eyes.	At	forty-two,	Liz	was	still	a	fine specimen	of	a	woman,	but	she	was	married.	I	wasn’t	interested.

“I’m	good,	Liz,	I’m	good.	I	needed	to	speak	to	you	about	some	property.”	I

sat	and	indicated	the	seat	across	from	me.	I	kept	my	voice	low	so	the	woman	at the	other	end	of	the	table	wouldn’t	hear	us.

“I	 know,	 your	 PA	 told	 us	 all	 about	 it.	 Excuse	 me.”	 She	 paused,	 turned	 her head	to	the	woman	who	had	asked	me	about	my	ancestry,	and	called	out	to	her,

“Imogen,	what	did	you	find	out	about	that	land	for	Mr.	James?”

“The	 land	 has	 been	 bought	 out	 by	 the	 Thompson	 family.	 I’m	 afraid,	 we’re too	late.”	She	didn’t	even	look	down	at	the	papers	to	verify	what	she’d	said;	she just	knew	her	job	and	did	it	well.

“I	thought	that	might	happen.	Liz,	can’t	you	find	me	something	to	work	with here?	Some	way	of	getting	them	off	my	back?	Or	lawn,	so	to	speak?”	I	gave	her my	most	charming	smile	and	added	a	gentle	tease	to	my	voice.

Her	eyes	went	soft,	and	her	face	relaxed	as	I	allowed	my	head	to	lean	a	little closer	 to	 her.	 It	 was	 a	 stupid	 ploy,	 but	 when	 you	 want	 something	 as	 much	 as	 I wanted	 to	 expand	 my	 resorts,	 Sky	 B-n-B,	 out	 here	 to	 Myrtle	 Beach,	 well,	 you did	what	was	necessary.	I’d	wasted	a	lot	of	time	already	because	I’d	had	to	deal with	things	at	Pebbles,	the	resort	chain	my	adopted	father	had	left	me	in	charge of	when	he	retired.

“I’ll	 find	 you	 something.	 Something	 you	 can’t	 turn	 down.”	 Her	 voice	 was husky,	and	her	eyes	were	like	a	laser	focused	on	mine.

“I	 would	 appreciate	 that,”	 I	 murmured	 seductively	 and	 let	 my	 tongue	 flick out	to	wet	my	lips.

My	 family	 had	 started	 a	 chain	 of	 hotels	 when	 great-great-whatever	 grand-daddy	Jesse,	Jr,	had	fathered	a	daughter.	She	had	turned	a	boarding	house	into	a string	of	hotels	out	in	Kansas,	and	the	coming	generations	expanded	it	west.	By the	time	I	came	along,	the	family	had	a	hotel	in	almost	every	single	state	in	the west.	 Now,	 I	 wanted	 to	 move	 the	 family	 east,	 and	 Myrtle	 Beach	 was	 a	 hidden jewel	I	wanted	to	wrap	in	a	platinum	setting.	I	hadn’t	counted	on	the	Thompson Hotel	chain’s	resistance.

“I	 guess	 that’s	 all	 we	 need	 to	 talk	 about	 for	 now.	 Thank	 you	 for	 the	 work

you’ve	done	so	far,	Liz.	I’ll	expect	a	call	if	you	find	something	suitable.”	I	stood, buttoned	the	panels	of	my	suit	coat,	and	made	to	leave.

“Oh,	now,	as	your	real	estate	agent,	Dylan,	I	can’t	just	let	you	leave	empty-handed.	I	have	a	wonderful	house	going	if	you’re	looking	for	a	private	home	on the	waterfront.”	She	started	her	spiel,	and	I	shut	her	down.

“Not	interested	in	that,	just	resort	property.	Take	care	now.”	I	inhaled	deeply as	I	left	the	room	of	one	of	the	top	estate	agencies	in	the	area,	and	made	my	way to	the	parking	garage.	I	needed	to	relax.	I’d	been	dealing	with	this	family	for	two long	months	now,	and	I	had	deserved	a	break.

I	decided	to	take	the	night	off	and	head	out	to	the	gentlemen's	club	I’d	been introduced	 to	 upon	 my	 arrival.	 I’d	 met	 up	 with	 an	 old	 friend,	 Freddy	 Sinclair, and	he’d	shown	me	the	best	parts	of	this	wonderful	little	beach	town.	He’d	also shown	me	the	spots	the	tourists	would	never	find	out	about.

Like	Elmo’s.	The	strip	club/sex	club	I	kept	my	nose	out	of	kind	of	place.	It was	 exclusive,	 kept	 quiet,	 and	 entry	 was	 by	 invite	 only,	 if	 you	 were	 a	 man	 or woman	looking	to	partake	in	the	custom	Elmo’s	had	to	offer.

I	 liked	 the	 finer	 things	 in	 life,	 and	 the	 girls	 at	 Elmo’s	 were	 of	 the	 highest caliber;	I’d	give	them	that.	I	hadn’t	found	exactly	what	I	wanted	there	yet,	but	I knew	patience	would	pay	off.	It	always	did.

I	made	it	to	the	club	and	walked	in	the	secluded	entrance	in	the	back.	From the	front,	the	place	looked	like	an	abandoned	store	with	three	levels.	Red	paint covered	 every	 square	 inch,	 and	 the	 place	 looked	 like	 a	 gaudy	 dump.	 It	 didn’t look	 much	 better	 in	 the	 back;	 all	 of	 the	 windows	 and	 every	 surface	 had	 been painted	black.	There	was	a	shiny	new	gold	knob	on	the	door,	however,	and	I	put my	hand	on	it	but	didn’t	turn.

Beneath	the	round	knob	was	a	palm	scanner.	If	it	accepted	your	palm	print,

the	door	would	open	on	its	own,	as	it	did	now.	“Welcome,	Mr.	James.”

The	 door	 person	 was	 a	 rather	 breathy	 and	 busty	 brunette,	 but	 she	 was	 off-limits.	“Thank	you,	Miss	Maples.	Lovely	to	see	you	again.”

“A	pleasure	as	always.	What	will	it	be	today?”	The	owner	of	the	club	didn’t often	sit	and	guard	the	door,	but	sometimes	she	could	be	found	here.

“I	 just	 need	 a	 quiet	 place	 to	 watch	 some	 beautiful	 ladies	 dance	 their	 hearts

out.”	 It	 wasn’t	 a	 past-time	 I’d	 take	 part	 in	 back	 home	 in	 Kansas,	 but	 here,	 I’d learned	to	live	a	little	on	the	wilder	side.

I	could	be	me	here,	with	all	of	my	proclivities	and	vices.

“Enjoy	the	show;	Roxie’s	on	in	ten.”	Miss	Maples	turned	away	even	as	she

spoke,	my	presence	already	forgotten	as	someone	else	buzzed	in.

I	ordered	a	drink	at	the	bar	and	sat.	The	shoddy	exterior,	designed	to	keep	out curious	 onlookers,	 did	 not	 match	 the	 interior.	 The	 first	 floor	 housed	 a	 bar,	 a stage,	and	a	small	club	on	the	other	side	of	that.	The	club	was	a	separate	part	of the	first	floor,	one	I	rarely	went	into	because	I	wasn’t	into	rave-style	hedonism.	I was	much	too	old	for	that	crowd.

I	 preferred	 the	 darkness	 of	 the	 stage	 area	 and	 to	 watch	 the	 pole	 dancing magic.	 Roxie	 would	 be	 on	 soon,	 and	 I	 wanted	 to	 speak	 to	 her	 anyway.	 I’d noticed	her	quite	a	few	times,	but	I	hadn’t	spoken	to	her	yet.	I	wanted	to	know	if we	 could,	 perhaps,	 take	 part	 in	 one	 of	 the	 peculiar	 arrangements	 available	 at Elmo’s.

I	watched	her	go	through	her	routine,	effortless	beauty,	stunning	grace,	and skills	beyond	measure	on	display.	Roxie	never	disappointed	her	viewers,	and	the tips	 she	 brought	 in	 proved	 that.	 She	 started	 a	 new	 routine,	 and	 I	 waited,	 my interest	growing.	If	she	could	move	like	that	on	a	pole,	how	well	could	she	move on	a	man?

Sexist,	 perhaps	 disgusting,	 but	 people	 didn’t	 come	 to	 Elmo’s	 to	 find	 love; they	 came	 to	 relax,	 get	 turned	 on,	 and	 maybe	 fuck,	 if	 they	 were	 lucky.	 I	 saw Freddy,	 the	 man	 who	 had	 introduced	 me	 to	 the	 place,	 and	 wondered…	 Was	 he Roxie’s	protector	now?

Freddy	 was	 a	 very	 handsome	 man,	 I’d	 give	 him	 that,	 and	 he’d	 never	 had problems	 with	 women.	 Those	 brown	 puppy	 dog	 eyes	 and	 blond	 hair	 kept	 the ladies	 on	 a	 leash,	 begging	 to	 take	 care	 of	 him.	 I,	 on	 the	 other	 hand,	 had	 black hair,	 dark	 gray	 eyes	 and	 was	 so	 tall	 and	 broad	 women	 often	 found	 me intimidating.	 If	 the	 broadness	 had	 been	 fat,	 it	 might	 have	 softened	 my appearance	a	bit,	but	every	inch	of	me	was	covered	in	muscle.	I	worked	hard	to maintain	my	health,	and	I	didn’t	allow	an	ounce	of	fat	to	form	on	me.

I	didn’t	often	have	a	problem	finding	a	bed	partner,	though;	there	were	plenty

of	women	brave	enough	to	take	the	challenge	I	offered	them.	Women	with	eyes that	 gave	 off	 sparks	 of	 defiance,	 that	 eventually	 ended	 up	 begging	 for	 me	 to make	 them	 mine.	 I	 never	 did,	 though.	 The	 minute	 their	 will	 broke,	 I	 was	 done and	moved	on	to	the	next.	A	handsome	face	made	that	much	easier.

I	 wanted	 Roxie,	 but	 if	 she	 was	 under	 Freddy’s	 protection,	 then	 I’d	 have	 to look	elsewhere.	A	dainty	blonde,	small	and	delicate,	caught	my	eye.	She	had	on a	silky	emerald	robe	that	flowed	out	behind	her	as	she	walked	around	the	room, in	search	of	a	man	to	entertain.	There	were	about	eleven	other	customers	in	the room,	but	she	didn’t	spend	much	time	with	any	of	them.

She	flitted	around,	nervous,	with	a	fear	in	her	eyes.	I	would	guess	it	was	that fear	that	drove	the	men	to	send	her	away.	Nobody	wanted	an	unwilling	partner.

That	 was	 the	 cost	 of	 protection	 after	 all.	 The	 arrangement	 was	 about	 sex,	 and nothing	more.	We	would	pay	to	protect	the	ladies,	in	a	sense,	and	in	exchange, we	 were	 free	 to	 enjoy	 each	 other.	 We	 were	 all	 adults,	 however,	 and	 knew	 that arrangement	meant	sex.

If	the	woman	wasn’t	into	a	guy,	then	she	could	turn	him	down,	no	problem.

Most	arrangements	were	made	through	Miss	Maples	or	Roxie.	It	was	all	done	in a	way	to	protect	all	involved,	from	all	manners	of	problems,	and	could	be	ended without	 notice	 to	 either	 party.	 Maybe	 this	 woman	 would	 do	 that	 for	 me?	 If	 we could	get	rid	of	that	fear.

“Hello	 there,	 gorgeous,”	 she	 said	 softly	 as	 she	 made	 her	 way	 up	 to	 me.	 I looked	her	over,	noted	the	sweet	swell	of	large	breasts	beneath	the	panels	of	the robe	and	a	slim	waist	too.	The	perfect	little	doll	for	me	to	play	with,	maybe.

“What’s	 your	 name,	 angel?”	 We	 all	 knew	 the	 women	 used	 fake	 names,	 but we	played	along.	They	needed	their	privacy	and	dignity,	after	all.

She	wore	a	white	mask,	a	wide	ribbon	of	silk	with	the	eyes	cut	out	so	they

could	see.	The	white	looked	almost	silver	it	was	so	shimmery,	and	on	this	young woman,	 it	 made	 her	 appearance	 more	 tantalizing	 while	 enabling	 her	 to	 remain anonymous.	All	the	girls	in	training	wore	them	as	a	way	to	let	customers	know they	were	new,	and	as	a	way	for	them	to	maintain	their	dignity	until	they	were sure	this	was	the	life	they	wanted.	That	strip	of	silk	would	allow	her	to	return	to her	life	without	anyone	knowing	what	she	looked	like	without	it.

“Why,	 I	 think	 you	 just	 gave	 it	 to	 me.”	 She	 spoke	 with	 a	 deep	 Southern accent,	the	kind	that	made	my	balls	go	tight.	Sweet,	submissive,	and	so	sultry.

“Indeed?	Would	you	like	to	sit?”	Her	eyes	had	darted	around	nervously,	her

hands	 clasped	 together	 until	 she	 sat.	 She	 relaxed	 the	 moment	 she	 did,	 and	 I wondered	if	the	heels	had	pained	her.	Six-inch	heels	were	hard	for	any	woman	to stand	in.

“How	 long	 have	 you	 been	 here,	 angel?”	 I	 asked	 and	 flicked	 a	 hand	 toward the	bartender.	A	waitress	brought	over	a	glass	of	the	beer	I’d	been	drinking	and	a glass	of	wine	for	the	lady.

“It’s	my	second	day,	but	I’ve	been	a	pole	dancer	for	three	years	now.	I	came up	from	Georgia	just	to	check	out	the	scene.”	She	didn’t	look	much	older	than twenty-three,	 I	 noted	 as	 I	 looked	 her	 over.	 She	 had	 pretty	 brown	 eyes,	 straight but	large	white	teeth,	and	a	lovely	smile.	It	was	just	a	shame	her	chin	was	a	little too	long	and	her	nervousness	hadn’t	completely	receded.

I	 could	 look	 past	 those	 problems,	 if	 she’d	 calm	 down	 a	 little	 more.	 Let	 me see	who	she	really	was	and	what	she	really	wanted	from	life.	Some	of	the	girls who	came	to	Elmo’s	came	to	seek	fame.	They	wouldn’t	find	it	here.	They	might find	a	protector	who	would	help	them	find	it,	but	fame	didn’t	come	from	Elmo’s.

It	was	an	exclusive,	prestigious	place,	but	the	ultimate	goal	wasn’t	to	propel a	 dancer	 to	 stardom;	 it	 was	 to	 provide	 men,	 and	 some	 women,	 with	 sexual partners.	This	little	angel	wasn’t	going	to	last	long	here,	I	was	afraid.

“I	 guess	 you’ll	 learn	 to	 fit	 in	 then.	 It’s	 still	 early.	 You	 might	 settle	 in	 just fine.”	 It	 wasn’t	 proper	 to	 ask	 a	 woman	 how	 she	 ended	 up	 at	 Elmo’s,	 but	 one thing	 was	 certain,	 they	 were	 there	 under	 their	 own	 free	 will.	 Some	 had	 even found	 protectors	 who	 moved	 them	 out	 into	 their	 own	 newly-purchased	 houses and	put	them	on	an	annual	income.

That	 was	 the	 ultimate	 goal	 here,	 to	 never	 have	 to	 work	 again.	 Not	 a	 “real”

job,	anyway.	Mistresses	for	hire,	that	was	what	the	place	boiled	down	to.

“I	guess	I	will.”	She	sipped	at	her	wine	prettily	and	looked	at	my	chin,	not my	eyes.	Hers	flicked	up	to	mine	for	an	instant	and	then	shied	away.	It	wasn’t	an act,	I	decided;	she	was	afraid.

“You	 know	 you	 don’t	 have	 to	 do	 anything	 you	 don’t	 want	 to	 right?	 You’re

perfectly	free	to	dance	if	that’s	all	you	want	to	do.”	I’d	been	versed	on	the	rules well	and	warned	about	repercussions	if	I	didn’t	follow	those	rules.	No	meant	no, and	anything	other	than	acceptance	would	get	a	patron	banned.

“I	know,	but	I	thought	I’d	try.	At	least	once,	you	know?	I’ve	never	done	that before,	just	slept	with	a	man	for	money.”

“It’s	 awkward,	 I	 assume,	 for	 you	 ladies?”	 I	 hadn’t	 really	 thought	 about	 it.

Most	 of	 the	 women	 I’d	 met	 here	 had	 been	 eager,	 curious	 to	 find	 out	 what	 hid behind	the	cool	façade.

I	was	sure	more	than	one	would	be	amused	to	find	me	with	the	kitten	who

had	 found	 herself	 lost	 in	 the	 big,	 bad	 world.	 I	 didn’t	 want	 to	 turn	 her	 away, because	she	might	prove	to	be	exactly	what	I	wanted.

“It	is,	but	most	of	the	women	here	want	to	sleep	with	the	men	they	choose.

It’s	not	like	we	have	to	do	it.	They	want	to.	I	just	haven’t	found	a	man	I	want	to do	it	with	yet.”

“Then,	I	suggest	you	wait	for	the	right	one,	angel.	There’s	no	rush.”	I	smiled and	sat	back	as	Roxie	began	another	set.

It	was	almost	nine,	and	she’d	be	done	soon.	I’d	talk	to	her	and	then	go	home, I	 decided.	 It	 had	 been	 a	 long	 day,	 and	 I’d	 only	 found	 disappointment	 so	 far.

Maybe	a	night’s	sleep	would	cure	that.





3

EMILY

“W hat	about	these,	Roxie?	They’d	look	great	on	you!”	I	called

Roxie	over	to	me,	and	she	stared	at	the	colorful	pair	of	heels

I’d	stopped	at	in	the	boutique	I’d	brought	us	to.

My	birthday	had	been	and	gone	a	week	ago,	and	Roxie	still	hadn’t	told	me	if she	 could	 get	 me	 into	 the	 club	 she	 worked	 at.	 We’d	 spent	 my	 birthday	 in	 her apartment,	 watching	 our	 favorite	 movies	 and	 getting	 drunk.	 It	 had	 been	 fun,	 a first	rebellion,	and	I’d	passed	out	on	her	couch	around	one	a.m.	Since	then,	we’d both	been	busy	with	different	things,	but	we’d	finally	met	up	for	a	shopping	trip that	I’d	proposed.

She’d	wanted	to	head	over	to	the	discount	shops	along	the	boardwalk,	but	I’d driven	 us	 to	 a	 secluded	 set	 of	 boutiques	 just	 outside	 of	 town.	 She’d	 been confused	but	hadn’t	protested.	I	liked	that	about	Roxie;	she	was	brave,	curious, and	wasn’t	afraid	of	much	in	the	world.

“God,	put	those	back,	Emily;	I	can’t	afford	them,”	Roxie	whispered	to	me	as I	picked	up	a	pair	of	Christian	Louboutin	shoes.	I	looked	up	at	her	confused.

“But	I	have	this?”	I	put	the	shoes	down,	dug	around	in	my	bag,	opened	my

wallet	and	showed	her	a	Platinum	Visa	card.	I’d	never	had	to	worry	about	things such	 as	 prices	 in	 my	 entire	 life.	 I	 just	 bought	 what	 I	 want	 and	 used	 the	 card Daddy	gave	me	when	I	was	thirteen.	Sometimes,	I	felt	guilty	about	the	fact	that	I had	 an	 unlimited	 amount	 of	 credit	 to	 spend,	 but,	 except	 for	 clothes	 and	 dining out,	 I	 rarely	 used	 the	 thing.	 Besides,	 since	 the	 children	 came	 along,	 I’d	 barely bought	any	new	clothes,	and	dining	out	wasn’t	something	I	did	often	either.

“Jesus	 is	 that…”	 Roxie’s	 eyes	 went	 wide	 as	 she	 looked	 down	 at	 the	 card.

“Fuck	me,	it	is.”

“What?”	I	asked;	didn’t	everybody	have	credit	cards	these	days?

“An	unlimited	platinum	credit	card,	Emily?	I’ve	heard	about	them,	but	I’ve

never	actually	seen	one.”	I	could	see	Roxie	reassessing	me	when	she	looked	up at	me.

She	knew	I	was	a	Thompson,	but	had	she	not	realized	how	much	money	we

had?	 I	 felt	 my	 cheeks	 flame	 and	 moved	 away.	 We	 were	 here	 to	 buy	 some	 new outfits	 for	 me	 to	 wear	 when	 I	 set	 my	 plan	 in	 motion;	 though,	 she	 didn’t	 quite know	 it	 yet.	 I’d	 wanted	 to	 buy	 her	 something	 too,	 but	 she	 kept	 refusing everything	I	showed	her.

“It’s	no	big	deal.	Do	you	want	them?”	I	lifted	a	blonde	eyebrow	and	grinned at	her	with	a	look	that	teased.	“Go	on,	try	them	on	at	least.”

“Well…,”	I	saw	her	cheeks	flush	and	knew	I’d	won	her	over	to	the	platinum

club.

“Go	 on	 …	 have	 the	 sales	 lady	 bring	 you	 a	 pair.	 It’ll	 be	 my	 treat.”	 I	 really wanted	her	to	have	them	and	felt	glad	when	she	finally	gave	in.

She	ran	off	to	find	the	woman	with	the	sour	look	on	her	face.	Roxie,	in	her bright	pink,	form-fitting	bandage	dress	and	hot	pink	heels,	obviously	hadn’t	been to	 the	 woman’s	 liking.	 Fuck	 her,	 I	 thought.	 I	 picked	 out	 a	 pair	 of	 shoes	 for myself.	They	were	black	patent	leather	with	peep	toes	that	would	be	a	nightmare to	walk	in,	but	they’d	look	so	sexy	on	my	feet.

Another	pair	caught	my	eyes,	another	peep-toe	stiletto,	but	this	one	had	been covered	in	white	graffiti	over	the	black	patent	leather.	Something	about	it	drew me,	 and	 I	 reached	 for	 that	 one	 while	 I	 bit	 at	 my	 bottom	 lip	 unconsciously, wondering	 if	 I	 should	 be	 so	 very	 …	 extravagant.	 I	 looked	 up	 to	 see	 Roxie twisting	in	front	of	a	mirror,	the	gaily	colored	shoes	on	her	feet.	Yeah,	I	should start	my	rebellion	now,	I	decided.

I	picked	up	both	sets	and	asked	the	woman	to	bring	me	the	shoes	in	my	size.

She	 looked	 me	 up	 and	 down,	 noted	 the	 obvious	 signs	 of	 money,	 and	 demurred quite	respectfully.	Bitch.

“Is	 there	 anything	 else	 you	 want?”	 I	 asked	 Roxie,	 as	 we’d	 sat	 on	 a	 pair	 of

cushions	in	the	small	shop.	There	wasn’t	much	to	choose	from,	but	this	was	one of	those	places	that	usually	only	kept	a	few	things	on	a	rack	and	brought	you	the size	you	asked	for.	If	they	had	it	in	your	size.

“Not	 from	 here.	 Are	 you	 serious?	 You’re	 going	 to	 buy	 these	 for	 me?”	 Her face	 was	 shocked,	 hopeful,	 but	 I	 could	 also	 see	 a	 spark	 that	 said	 she	 couldn’t accept	the	gift.

“Look,	my	family	is	rich;	I	can’t	help	that.	But	I	can	make	your	day,	if	you’ll let	 me.	 I	 hate	 spending	 money	 on	 myself,	 but	 for	 you,	 I’d	 love	 to	 spend	 the money	 that	 I’ll	 never	 be	 able	 to	 spend	 entirely	 from	 my	 share	 of	 the	 family income.”

“Are	you	sure	want	to	do	this?”	Suddenly,	I	knew	she	wasn’t	talking	about

the	shoes,	and	I	tensed.	She	hadn’t	forgotten	then.	My	heart	skipped	a	beat	with anticipation;	would	she	say	yes,	finally?

“I	 dream	 about	 it,	 Roxie.”	 I	 followed	 her	 lead	 and	 said	 it	 softly,	 so	 we wouldn't	be	overheard.	“I	feel	as	if	I’ve	lived	in	a	bubble	my	entire	life.	I	want	to know	what	it	 feels	like	outside	of	the	walls	my	family	has	built	around	me.	You can	help	me	with	that.	I	wouldn’t	trust	anyone	else	to	do	it.”

“I	 think	 I	 understand.	 I’ve	 had	 to	 think	 about	 it	 a	 lot,	 but	 I	 think,	 maybe,	 I can	get	you	in.”

“A	 maybe	 is	 somewhere.	 How	 did	 it	 go	 this	 week	 anyway?”	 Roxie	 had	 a new	client,	a	very	well-off	man	who	wanted	to	become	her	protector.	The	thing was,	 Roxie	 didn’t	 really	 need	 one.	 She	 earned	 a	 good	 living	 as	 a	 professional pole-dancer,	 and	 her	 gig	 at	 Elmo’s	 was	 just	 to	 tide	 her	 over	 until	 the	 next competition	and	more	prize	money.

“He	 asked	 to	 be	 my	 protector	 again.”	 She	 sighed,	 and	 for	 the	 thousandth time,	I	wondered	what	it	would	be	like	to	have	sex	with	a	man	who	paid	you	for the	privilege.

Oh,	I	knew	the	rules:	the	woman	has	to	be	agreeable,	the	woman	has	to	set

ground	rules,	and	the	man	has	to	abide	by	them.	But	still,	the	man	…	owned	you, in	a	way,	and	that	thought	excited	me	more	than	I’d	ever	admit	to	anyone.	Even now,	just	the	thought	of	it	had	stirred	a	heat	in	my	blood.

“Are	you	going	to	agree?”	I	knew	she	didn’t	have	to,	but	this	client	seemed

different.	Roxie	didn’t	usually	keep	a	man	at	the	club	for	more	than	a	week	or two,	 but	 this	 one,	 he	 had	 some	 thrall	 over	 her.	 Maybe	 she’d	 met	 her	 match, finally?

“I	 don’t	 know.	 I	 think,	 maybe…,”	 she	 paused	 and	 looked	 around	 but	 there were	no	answers	on	the	bright	white	walls,	only	cubby	holes	filled	with	shoes.	“I think	I	might.”

“Oh	my.”	My	eyes	went	round,	but	I	settled	my	face	when	the	woman	came

back	with	the	shoes	I’d	asked	for.	I	looked	them	over,	tried	them	on,	and	agreed to	both	pairs.	And	the	pair	Roxie	had	on.

The	shop	lady	looked	over	at	Roxie	and	then	to	me.	“As	you	wish.”

Something	about	that	really	irked	me,	and	I	wanted	to	demand	to	know	what

the	 woman’s	 problem	 was.	 Roxie	 might	 be	 showy,	 but	 she	 wasn’t	 trash.	 This woman	 didn’t	 know	 how	 hard	 Roxie	 worked	 for	 the	 children’s	 charity	 or	 the hours	 she	 spent	 on	 drumming	 up	 financial	 resources	 for	 the	 charity.	 She	 just assumed	 Roxie	 was	 a	 strumpet,	 I	 guessed,	 and	 treated	 her	 accordingly.	 I	 hated people	sometimes.

“I’d	 like	 to	 punch	 her	 right	 in	 that	 puckered-up	 mouth	 of	 hers,”	 Roxie whispered,	and	I	laughed	far	too	loudly.

“I	 think	 you’d	 break	 your	 hand	 on	 that	 stone	 wall	 she	 calls	 a	 face.”	 The woman	brought	my	card	back,	I	signed	the	slip,	and	we	took	our	purchases	to	the next	boutique.

There,	 I	 bought	 a	 few	 skin-tight	 dresses	 of	 my	 own	 and	 some	 new underwear.	Sexy	panties	and	bras	were	a	weakness	of	mine,	and	I	bought	Roxie a	few	too.	She	tried	on	one	of	the	bras	before	we	bought	them,	and	she	asked	me how	it	looked	before	she’d	agree	to	let	me	buy	it.

“I	don’t	want	to	see	your	boobs!”	I	squawked	from	behind	the	door.

“Look,	I’m	not	trying	to	hit	on	you;	I	just	want	to	know	you’re	happy	with

what	you’ve	bought.”	I	could	hear	a	throaty	tease	in	that	voice,	and	I	knew	she was	probably	smirking	behind	that	door.

Roxie	 and	 I	 were	 friends,	 but	 she	 knew	 I	 was	 just	 a	 little	 …	 uptight.

Undressing	in	front	of	each	other	was	usually	unnecessary	in	our	time	together, but	it	had	happened	before,	and	she	always	teased	me	about	what	a	prude	I	was.

“Come	on,	have	a	look.	It	won’t	kill	you.”	I	heard	from	the	other	side	of	the door.

“Fine!”	I	whispered	loudly	and	opened	the	door.	Roxie	was	a	lovely	woman,

with	 a	 beautiful	 figure,	 and	 her	 body	 reflected	 her	 fitness	 regime.	 Her	 breasts, surgically	 augmented,	 looked	 much	 better	 than	 mine	 did	 in	 the	 same	 powder blue	lace	bra.	Mine	were	smaller,	but	nice,	I	guessed.

“How	does	it	look?”	she	teased	and	winked	at	me.

“It	 looks	 like	 I	 need	 a	 boob	 job!”	 We	 both	 giggled,	 the	 tension	 gone	 as	 we laughed	together.

“Well,	I	can	tell	you,	don’t	go	this	big.”	Roxie	squeezed	her	forearms	around the	globes	on	her	chest	and	rolled	her	eyes.	“It’s	such	a	pain.”

“I	 wouldn’t	 know.”	 I	 laughed	 with	 her	 as	 she	 turned,	 replaced	 her	 bra,	 and put	her	dress	back	on	before	we	left	the	changing	rooms.

We	finished	shopping	and	left	to	go	eat	at	one	of	her	favorite	places.	It	was	a quiet	little	burger	place,	but	I	loved	it.	Nobody	cared	how	much	money	I	made; they	 only	 wanted	 to	 know	 if	 the	 food	 was	 good	 and	 went	 on	 to	 the	 next customer.	We	talked	about	our	project	for	a	while	and	worked	on	some	plans	for fundraising.	But,	like	always,	our	talk	eventually	turned	to	Roxie’s	job.	She	had to	go	soon	to	get	ready	for	her	night	at	work.

I	 wanted	 to	 beg	 her	 to	 take	 me	 with	 her,	 but	 she	 hadn’t	 said	 yes	 yet.	 I wouldn’t	 push;	 I	 knew	 something	 like	 that	 would	 take	 time.	 She	 couldn’t	 just drag	anybody	off	the	street	in	there.	It	was	exclusive	not	only	in	the	individuals who	were	allowed	in,	but	who	came	to	work	there.	I’d	have	to	go	through	some kind	of	process,	I	was	sure.

We	said	our	goodbyes,	and	I	drove	back	to	my	room	at	the	hotel.	I’d	wanted

to	 get	 my	 own	 place,	 my	 own	 apartment,	 but	 hadn’t	 got	 around	 to	 it	 yet.	 If	 I stuck	with	my	promise	to	take	more	time	for	myself,	I’d	invest	in	a	place	where my	house	plants	wouldn’t	die	because	I	wasn’t	around	to	water	them.	Until	then, I’d	stay	at	the	hotel.

Maybe	I’d	even	buy	myself	an	RV,	and	travel	around,	see	the	country	a	little.

In	 time,	 I	 thought	 as	 I	 sank	 into	 my	 bed	 after	 a	 shower.	 For	 now,	 I	 wanted	 to experiment.	I	thought	about	Roxie	and	what	she	did.	What	did	it	feel	like	to	have

a	stranger	touch	you?	Was	it	frightening?	Was	it	empowering?

Did	she	watch	those	men,	weak	with	desire	for	the	body	she	loved,	feel	like she	was	the	one	with	all	the	power,	all	the	control?	Did	they	beg	to	touch	her?	To kiss	her?	I	hummed	without	meaning	too,	something	alive	all	over	again	in	my body.	In	the	darkness,	flat	on	my	back,	my	legs	opened,	and	I	wondered	…	what would	it	feel	like?

I’d	been	tempted	to	buy	toys,	to	find	out	for	myself,	but	had	decided	the	real thing	was	worth	waiting	for.	I	turned	my	head	toward	the	window,	but	I	didn’t see	 anything.	 My	 sight	 was	 internal,	 caught	 on	 an	 image	 of	 a	 man	 flat	 on	 his back	as	he	waited	for	me	to	…	do	things.	I	swallowed	hard	and	tried	to	imagine what	it	would	be	like	to	do	the	things	I’d	seen	in	videos	online.

I’d	 watched	 a	 lot	 of	 videos	 in	 the	 spare	 time	 I	 had	 at	 night.	 With	 my headphones	 on,	 my	 doors	 locked,	 and	 my	 laptop	 on	 the	 bed	 beside	 me,	 I’d watched	the	many	things	people	could	do	together.	Some	of	it	was	just	nasty	and degraded	 all	 involved,	 others	 had	 looked	 exciting,	 sensual,	 and	 some	 of	 it	 had seemed	hedonistic.

Some	of	it,	well	…	some	of	it	was	obviously	the	result	of	people	losing	all control	and	had	seemed	wildly	erotic.	I’d	gone	through	lists:	lesbian	sex,	straight sex,	 orgies,	 doms	 and	 subs;	 classic	 porn	 and	 new	 porn,	 some	 even	 labeled

“ladies	porn”,	meant	for	the	discerning	woman.	I’d	watched	it	all,	and	I’d	found a	lot	of	it	intriguing,	but	maybe	not	for	me.	I	always	went	back	to	one	category, no	matter	what,	though.

The	ones	where	the	women	were	subs	to	others.	I	liked	the	women	who	were

subs	to	other	women,	and	the	women	who	were	subs	to	men.	It	was	the	sub	part that	attracted	me.	The	look	of	pure	joy	on	their	faces	as	they	served	intrigued	me far	 more	 than	 anything	 else	 did.	 It	 wasn’t	 something	 I’d	 ever	 tell	 to	 anyone;	 it was	my	secret,	this	need	inside	of	me	to	be	in	control	through	subservience.

You’d	think	with	the	way	I	had	lived	my	life	in	servitude	to	my	family	that I’d	 want	 to	 be	 the	 domme	 in	 this	 situation,	 but	 I	 didn’t.	 I	 wanted	 to	 be	 totally without	 shame,	 begging	 for	 release,	 as	 my	 body	 sang	 with	 life.	 I	 wanted	 my control	 to	 be	 in	 an	 expert’s	 hands,	 not	 my	 own.	 Maybe	 then	 I’d	 find	 freedom, though	an	odd	form	of	it,	I’d	admit.

This	wasn’t	something	I’d	decided	on	suddenly.	I’d	thought	about	it	for	quite a	 few	 years	 now,	 and	 when	 I’d	 met	 Roxie	 and	 she	 told	 me	 about	 her	 club,	 I’d known	I’d	finally	found	a	way	into	the	world	I’d	been	locked	out	of.	Her	world would	be	my	world	soon.





4

DYLAN

“W hat’s	your	poison?”	the	bartender	asked,	and	I	stared	dully	at

the	 man.	 A	 long	 brown	 beard	 adorned	 his	 face,	 tight	 khaki

pants	 clashed	 with	 the	 sophisticated	 haircut,	 and	 for	 some	 unknowable	 reason, suspenders	over	a	white	t-shirt	with	Pink	Floyd	emblazoned	across	the	front.	The whole	look,	clashed	in	my	mind,	and	I	stared	at	him.

Then	 a	 word	 popped	 into	 my	 head,	 and	 I	 relaxed.	 Hipster.	 “Beer	 please, thanks.”

He	gave	me	a	nod,	passed	along	a	beer,	and	I	headed	off	in	the	direction	of the	stage.	I	had	spent	another	day	fruitlessly	looking	for	land	to	develop.	At	this point,	I’d	even	take	a	large	house	that	I	could	turn	into	apartments,	though,	small ones.	I	wanted	to	be	in	this	place,	this	part	of	the	world,	to	get	away	from	my	life in	Kansas.

I	 needed	 to	 be	 away	 from	 it	 all,	 but	 I	 wouldn’t	 get	 that,	 not	 until	 someone else	 came	 along	 to	 take	 the	 lead	 from	 me.	 My	 own	 child	 or	 someone	 I	 took under	my	wing.	I	might	yet	find	a	wife,	settle	down,	have	a	child,	but	I	didn’t	see it	coming.	Not	yet.

I	 was	 only	 thirty-two,	 I’d	 have	 time;	 I	 reminded	 myself	 as	 I	 took	 a	 seat.

Roxie	was	on	the	stage,	weaving	her	magic	as	always.	The	woman	was	amazing

to	watch,	I’d	give	her	that.	I	looked	around	and	appreciated	the	décor,	yet	again.

It	wasn’t	trashy,	the	kind	of	place	you’d	expect	it	to	be	from	the	exterior.	It	was done	 tastefully,	 even	 if	 it	 was	 decorated	 in	 the	 cliché	 black	 and	 red	 colors	 that are	so	prevalent	in	such	places.

The	place	was	clean	too;	there	was	always	someone	going	around	discreetly with	 a	 bottle	 of	 disinfectant	 and	 roll	 of	 paper	 towels	 to	 clean	 up	 spills	 of	 all kinds.	The	tables	and	chairs	were	replaced	if	damaged,	and	not	a	chip	was	to	be found	on	table	tops.	The	paint	was	kept	fresh,	and	everything	was	neat.

It	 was,	 however,	 dark,	 always	 dark.	 You	 could	 see	 to	 walk,	 it	 wasn’t	 like being	in	a	cave	in	total	blackness,	but	it	was	dark.	The	lights	were	saved	for	the stage.	My	eyes	went	back	to	Roxie,	and	I	admired	the	way	she	climbed	up	the pole,	performed	a	few	twisting	moves	then	made	her	way	down	the	steel	rod.

She	was	dressed	in	a	pair	of	black	hot	pants,	black	combat	boots,	and	a	black corset.	I	didn’t	know	the	song,	but	it	had	a	powerful,	frantic	rhythm	that	drove her	 frenzied	 on	 the	 stage.	 She	 had	 the	 full	 attention	 of	 everyone	 in	 the	 room, there	was	no	doubt	of	that.	The	routine	came	to	an	end,	and	applause	and	cheers filled	the	room.

It	 was	 8:15	 pm.	 Most	 of	 these	 men	 were	 single	 or	 had	 wives	 who	 stopped asking	where	their	husbands	spent	their	nights	long	ago.	Freddy	was	there,	and Roxie	 left	 the	 stage	 to	 join	 him	 with	 a	 smile.	 She	 saw	 me	 and	 quirked	 an eyebrow.

I	 twitched	 my	 glass	 at	 her	 and	 gave	 her	 a	 smile.	 She	 said	 something	 to Freddy	and	headed	in	my	direction.

“Angel	wasn’t	for	you	then?”	she	asked	and	sat	beside	me	at	the	table.

“No,	 too	 unsure	 of	 what	 she	 wanted.	 Poor	 girl,	 I	 think	 she’s	 left	 the	 place now.”

“She	did,	that’s	why	I	asked.	I	thought	she’d	be	your	type?”	We’d	discussed the	kind	of	arrangement	I’d	like	to	have,	after	I	learned	she	was	definitely	taken by	Freddy,	and	she’d	kept	an	eye	out	for	me.

“She	 would	 have	 been,	 if	 she	 had	 been	 able	 to	 make	 up	 her	 mind.	 She couldn’t,	 so	 I	 let	 it	 go.	 I	 need	 someone	 who	 knows	 what	 she	 wants,	 because	 I plan	 to	 give	 it	 to	 her.”	 I	 didn’t	 go	 into	 detail;	 we’d	 talked	 about	 it	 before.	 She knew	what	I	wanted.	A	woman	who	would	give	me	everything	she	had	and	then

pull	out	a	little	more	to	give.

There	 wasn’t	 necessarily	 a	 manager	 here	 at	 Elmo’s	 but	 if	 there	 was	 a problem,	or	a	question	needed	to	be	answered,	your	best	bet	was	to	talk	to	Roxie,

I’d	learned.	She	drew	a	lot	of	the	members	to	come	back	night	after	night,	but she’d	been	unattainable	for	most,	and	the	ones	who	had	her	didn’t	keep	her	for long.	Until	Freddy.

“Well,	I	might	know	someone	who	will	meet	your	needs,	but	she’s	not	here

yet.”	Roxie’s	green	eyes	watched	me,	appraising.	“I	think	she’s	ready	for	a	place like	this;	she	says	she	is,	but	I	have	to	be	sure.	She’s	not,	hmm.”

Roxie	paused,	looked	away	as	if	lost	in	thought,	and	then	came	back	to	me.

“She’s	not	the	usual	kind	we	bring	into	this	place.	We’re	a	classy	place,	don’t	get me	 wrong,	 but	 most	 of	 the	 women	 we	 bring	 know	 exactly	 what	 life’s	 about.

They	decide	to	come	here	knowing	what	it	is	they’ll	get.	I	need	to	be	sure	she’s ready	 for	 that.	 She’s	 had	 an	 easy	 life,	 and	 well,	 I	 think	 she	 wants	 to	 start breaking	her	boundaries.”

“Oh?”	I	asked	and	leaned	closer.	“What’s	her	kind	then?”

“Pampered,”	she	said	immediately,	and	then	felt	guilty;	I	could	see	it	in	the way	she	winced.	“She’s	a	good	friend	of	mine,	but	she’s	had	a	very	sheltered	and privileged	life.”

“I	see.”	I	sat	back	and	tapped	on	the	table	top.	I	wasn’t	sure	that	I	wanted	a daddy’s	girl	who	wanted	to	rebel.	I	wanted	a	pet,	yes,	a	woman	to	bend	to	my will	 until	 she	 had	 the	 best	 orgasm	 of	 her	 life,	 and	 I’d	 done	 that	 many	 times already,	but	did	I	want	to	start	out	with	a	spoiled	princess?

It	would	be	a	lot	of	work.	“She’d	be	worth	it.”

Roxie	 had	 already	 piqued	 my	 interest,	 but	 that	 assurance	 from	 her	 was guaranteed	to	get	my	full	attention.	“And	why	would	you	bring	such	a	woman	to a	place	like	this?	If	she’s	your	friend?”

“Because	 she	 needs	 it.	 Maybe	 more	 than	 anyone	 else	 I’ve	 ever	 met.	 She needs	what	you	have	to	offer.	I	lived	that	life	a	long	time	ago,	and	I’m	well	past it	 now,	 but	 my	 friend…	 She	 might	 be	 the	 kind	 who	 lives	 the	 lifestyle	 for	 life.

She’s	 a	 giver,	 and	 she	 can’t	 change	 that	 about	 herself,	 no	 matter	 how	 hard	 she might	try.”

“I	see.”	I	tapped	again,	lost	in	thought.	“Can	you	bring	her	in?”

“I’m	arranging	it.	If	she	can	make	it	through	the	doors,	I	think	she’ll	be	just what	you’re	looking	for.”

“Alright.”	 She	 must	 want	 something	 out	 of	 this,	 and	 I	 was	 blunt	 enough	 to ask	her	what	it	was.	“Why	me?	Why	are	you	offering	your	friend	up	to	me?”

“Because,	dear	sir,	you	have	that	look	in	your	eye.	Like	you	want	to	break	a woman,	but	in	a	good	way,	not	the	bad	way.	And	my	little	friend	needs	just	that.

She’s	so	hungry	for	it,	she’s	on	the	verge	of	losing	control.	I	think	you	can	teach her	that	control.	In	all,	I	believe	you’re	the	perfect	teacher	for	her.	She’s	liable	to get	into	trouble	if	she’s	not	guided	in	the	right	direction.	Also,	I	know	I	can	have you	 killed	 if	 you	 break	 her	 the	 wrong	 way.”	 The	 note	 of	 jest	 in	 her	 voice	 was belied	by	the	promise	in	her	eyes.

“I	 understand.”	 I	 meant	 her	 reasons	 for	 offering	 up	 her	 friend	 and	 the warning.	I	believed	she’d	do	it	too,	if	the	intensity	of	that	gaze	was	anything	to go	by.

“I	 propose	 you	 speak	 with	 her,	 let	 her	 settle	 in	 to	 the	 place,	 and	 then	 make your	 offer.	 Don’t	 pounce	 the	 moment	 you	 see	 her;	 take	 your	 time,	 and	 let	 her decide.	 Then,	 you	 will	 likely	 find	 you’ve	 found	 far	 more	 than	 you	 bargained for.”

I	nodded	in	agreement.	This	wasn’t	my	first	rodeo,	and	I	knew	how	to	break

a	 filly	 properly,	 how	 to	 make	 her	 bend	 to	 your	 will.	 Now,	 if	 I	 could	 only	 find some	property	out	here	too,	that	would	be	the	icing	on	the	cake.

“Thank	you,	Roxie.”	For	the	first	time,	I	wondered	if	that	was	her	real	name, but	 I	 didn’t	 ask.	 There	 were	 some	 things	 you	 left	 alone	 in	 a	 place	 like	 Elmo’s.

Names	was	one	of	those	things.

“My	pleasure.	And	remember,	you	break	her	wrong,	I	break	you.”	Her	well-

manicured	 eyebrows	 lifted	 over	 sharp	 green	 eyes,	 and	 I	 felt	 a	 shiver	 run	 down my	back.	I’d	have	loved	to	make	those	eyes	flicker	with	challenge,	but	she	was taken.

“I	like	breathing	and	living	above	ground,	Roxie.	I’ll	be	gentle.	I	promise.”

I’d	be	as	gentle	as	the	kitten	offered	to	me	wanted	me	to	be,	and	no	more	gentle than	that.

I	wouldn’t	tell	Roxie	that,	however.	What	happened	between	the	woman	and

I	was	only	for	us	to	know.	I	knew	I	had	to	tread	carefully,	though.	Freddy	was definitely	the	kind	of	man	who	likely	knew	a	few	of	the	less	nefarious	types	who

crawled	along	the	underbelly	of	Myrtle	Beach.

I	wondered	what	she	looked	like,	this	paragon	that	Roxie	wanted	to	deliver

to	 me.	 I’d	 wait,	 let	 the	 curiosity	 build.	 Roxie	 grabbed	 my	 attention	 when	 she stood	up,	bent	down	to	kiss	my	cheek,	and	left	me.

I	had	something	to	think	about	anyway.

A	day	of	scouring	websites	and	driving	around	to	view	properties	had	left	me a	little	cranky,	and	I	decided	to	change	to	scotch.	I’d	get	a	cab	back	to	my	place later.	I	went	to	the	bar	and	ordered	my	drink.

Miss	Maples	came	into	the	bar	as	I	waited	and	sidled	up	next	to	me.	“Good

to	see	you	again,	Mr.	James.	How	are	you?”

“I’m	 alright,	 Miss	 Maples.	 Lovely	 to	 see	 you	 again.”	 I	 tilted	 the	 glass	 with two	cubes	of	ice	at	her,	and	she	smiled.

She	was	a	very	seductive	woman,	especially	in	that	corset	wrapped	around	a

gossamer	robe.	Her	hip	bumped	against	mine,	and	I	looked	down	into	her	darkly lined	 eyes.	 Her	 skin	 said	 she	 was	 only	 in	 her	 late	 twenties,	 but	 I	 knew	 plastic surgery	could	make	that	a	lie.	A	person	didn’t	come	to	own	a	business	like	this	at such	 a	 young	 age.	 Unless	 they	 made	 a	 lot	 of	 money	 early	 in	 life	 and	 spent	 it wisely.	She	could	be	as	young	as	her	face	said	she	was,	but	then	again,	maybe not.

“You	aren’t	finding	much	luck	here,	it	would	seem.”	She	sat	on	a	bar	stool	so I	sat	with	her.

“Not	yet,	but	I’m	a	patient	man.”	I	nodded,	and	I	scanned	her	with	my	eyes

while	she	ordered	a	drink.

Firm,	high	breasts	said	her	face	didn’t	lie,	and	her	hands	were	still	full	with the	promise	of	youth.	She	had	the	kind	of	fingers	made	for	pianos	or	guitars,	but I’d	never	heard	her	play	anything.	A	lush	figure,	encased	in	that	corset	promised heaven	most	people	would	never	be	lucky	enough	to	find.

I’d	been	surrounded	by	beautiful	women	for	days	now,	all	with	the	promise

of	sex	so	near,	but	yet,	just	out	of	reach	for	one	reason	or	another.	I	was	about ready	to	take	the	first	lay	offered	to	me,	but	I’d	wait.	I	wanted	to	be	clean	for	this little	present	Roxie	offered	me.

“She’ll	come	along.	Maybe	before	you	know	it.”	She	sipped	at	her	red	wine,

her	eyes	on	mine	over	the	rim	of	her	glass.

“So	I’ve	been	told.”	I	didn’t	elaborate,	and	she	didn’t	ask	me	to,	so	I	let	it	go.

“What	else	is	there	to	do	in	this	place?”	I	asked,	and	she	gave	me	an	amused smile.

“Care	to	walk	with	me	through	the	dungeon?”	I	had	no	idea	what	she	meant,

but	 I	 was	 intrigued.	 Perhaps	 this	 was	 the	 rumored	 room	 on	 the	 third	 floor.	 I’d heard	about	it,	but	I	hadn’t	seen	it	yet.

It	was	for	the	exhibitionist	members	of	the	club,	those	who	got	off	on	being watched.	 Not	 necessarily	 my	 style,	 but	 it	 might	 be	 interesting	 to	 walk	 through such	a	place	with	Miss	Maples.	She	finished	her	wine,	and	I	threw	back	the	rest of	my	scotch.

“I	would	love	to	join	you,	Miss	Maples.”	I	held	my	elbow	out,	and	she	took

it	 without	 another	 word.	 We	 headed	 to	 the	 elevator	 I’d	 yet	 to	 use,	 and	 she inserted	a	card	she’d	pulled	from	beneath	her	corset	into	the	slot	in	the	elevator panel.	“We	need	a	card	to	get	up	there?”

“No,	 but	 we’re	 not	 going	 up.	 You	 need	 a	 card	 to	 go	 down.”	 She	 gave	 me another	enigmatic	smile,	and	my	eyes	narrowed	on	her.	This	was	interesting.

The	floor	rushed	down,	and	before	I	knew	it,	the	doors	opened	up	to	a	world of	black.	A	real	dungeon,	perhaps?	The	flicker	of	flames	on	the	wall	caught	my eyes	as	I	stepped	out,	and	she	joined	me.	Her	hand	was	still	on	my	elbow,	and she	took	a	step	forward.	I	followed,	not	sure	where	to	head.

She	took	me	down	a	long	hallway,	lit	with	gas	lamps	on	the	wall,	a	very	old-fashioned	 but	 very	 romantic	 way	 to	 light	 an	 area.	 We	 walked	 down	 a	 white carpeted	 hall,	 and	 I	 found	 myself	 in	 a	 world	 where	 sound	 disappeared.	 There were	no	footsteps,	no	sound	from	the	gas	lamps	on	the	wall,	no	sounds	from	the rooms	that	I	found	myself	peering	into.

There	 was	 a	 row	 of	 rooms	 here,	 all	 with	 a	 door,	 but	 large	 glass	 panels	 for walls.	 Inside	 the	 first	 room	 I	 saw	 a	 bare,	 rock	 floor	 and	 a	 couple	 who	 was completely	 oblivious	 to	 their	 new	 audience.	 A	 woman	 in	 shiny	 black	 vinyl whispered	 to	 a	 man	 chained	 to	 a	 wall.	 He	 looked	 the	 banker	 type,	 the	 kind	 of man	who	ruled	with	an	iron	fist	all	day	long.	His	belly	was	soft,	and	his	hair	had receded.	His	body	trembled	now	as	the	woman’s	face	brought	him	to	a	quivering

mass	of	subservience.

Interesting,	 and	 a	 direction	 I	 found	 interesting,	 but	 I	 wasn’t	 the	 kind	 to	 let anyone	control	me.	“Hmmm,	not	your	thing.”

“No,	but	it	is	nice	to	watch,	Miss	Maples.”	I	didn’t	mind	watching	at	all.	The woman	was	an	expert	at	what	she	offered;	I	could	see	that	from	the	way	she’d wrung	the	man	out	already.

“Allana	is	good;	I’ll	give	you	that.”	She	breathed	in	deep	and	then	tugged	at my	arm.	“Come	along.”

We	 moved	 then	 to	 a	 room	 of	 white,	 lit	 by	 more	 gas	 lamps.	 The	 bed	 was white,	the	walls,	the	floor,	even	the	hangings	on	the	four	poster	bed	were	white.

The	 only	 spot	 of	 color	 came	 from	 the	 two	 women	 on	 the	 bed.	 They	 touched tenderly,	sweetly,	and	I	wanted	to	watch,	but	this	wasn’t	what	I	wanted	either.

“I	think	this	is	more	your	style,	Mr.	James.”	Her	throaty	voice	all	but	purred.

A	woman	in	a	room	of	black,	naked	except	for	a	mask	across	her	eyes	and

the	black	silk	around	her	wrists.	A	man	with	a	crop	stood	over	her,	and	I	stopped.

Yes,	this	was	more	my	style.	Definitely.





5

EMILY

Days	passed,	and	I	hadn’t	heard	from	Roxie,	but	that	might	have	been

my	own	fault.	I’d	been	busy.	I	finally	found	a	place	of	my	own,	a	real

house,	 that	 was	 all	 mine.	 It	 was	 an	 exclusive	 place	 with	 a	 keypad	 on	 the	 large steel	 gate	 that	 kept	 the	 huge	 fence	 around	 the	 place	 locked	 up	 tight.	 I’d	 been busy	buying	furniture	and	a	car.

I’ve	 never	 owned	 a	 car	 before,	 or	 furniture,	 but	 there	 was	 a	 first	 time	 for everything,	 right?	 I	 spent	 a	 week	 getting	 the	 place	 set	 up,	 and	 then,	 I	 finally talked	 to	 my	 family	 in	 a	 conference	 call	 on	 Skype.	 At	 first,	 there’d	 been confusion.

“But,	Emily,	we	love	you.	What	is	this	about?”	Trent	asked	from	his	camera, and	I	glared.

“You	love	me?”	I	shot	back,	my	face	red	with	anger	and	hurt.	“Or	am	I	just

convenient?	Do	any	of	you	know	I’m	a	real	human	being?”

“Emily!	 What	 a	 thing	 to	 ask!	 Of	 course,	 we	 know	 you’re	 real,”	 Mason started,	but	I	interrupted	him.

“When	is	my	birthday?”	I	asked	pointedly,	looking	straight	into	the	camera

on	my	phone.

The	three	of	them	muttered	across	the	screen	on	my	phone,	and	I	just	smiled grimly.	“It	was	last	week.	Trent,	you	didn’t	even	remember	when	you	asked	me to	 watch	 the	 kids.	 You	 just	 thanked	 me	 for	 watching	 them	 and	 said	 goodbye because	you	were	too	exhausted	to	even	sit	with	me	for	a	little	while.”

“I’m,	 Emily,	 I’m	 very	 sorry.”	 I	 heard	 contrition	 in	 his	 voice,	 but	 it	 didn’t

help.

“Emily,	I	can’t	believe	I	forgot,	honey.	I’m	just,	wow	…	sorry,	babe.”	That from	Kevin,	the	brother	closest	to	my	age.

Mason	muttered	his	own	apology,	and	I	could	see	from	his	face	he	meant	it.

That	didn’t	change	the	fact	that	things	like	this	happened	often,	but	every	single one	of	them	knew	how	to	contact	me	when	they	wanted	something.	“From	now

on,	you’ll	have	to	find	a	nanny	or	babysitter	to	take	care	of	the	children.	I’d	like to	 have	 some	 of	 my	 own	 one	 day,	 and	 if	 I’m	 constantly	 looking	 after	 yours,	 I won’t	find	a	man	to	do	that	with.”

They	 all	 murmured	 in	 agreement	 and	 looked	 ashamed.	 So	 they	 should,	 I thought	to	myself.	I’d	given	them	a	lot	of	my	life,	all	of	it	up	until	now,	and	for once,	 it	 was	 time	 to	 think	 of	 myself.	 “I’m	 not	 walking	 out	 of	 your	 lives completely.	I’m	just	asking	for	some	space	of	my	own.	Surely	you	all	understand that?”

“Well,	yes,	it	was	part	of	the	reason	I	spent	so	much	time	in	England	before Ember	came	along,”	Kevin	said	quickly,	in	support.

“Kevin’s	right.	I	had	my	own	place	in	the	mountains,	far	away	from	our	real lives	until	Dad	pulled	his	shenanigans.”	That	came	from	Trent.

“I	 used	 to	 party	 to	 escape.	 I	 partied	 all	 over	 the	 world.	 You’ve	 never	 done anything	like	that,	Emily.	I	see	your	point	now.	You’ve	had	to	take	care	of	three brothers	all	this	time.	I	support	your	decision	too.”

“Thank	you.”	The	conversation	had	ended	soon	after,	but	I	did	get	calls	from the	wives.	All	of	them	were	contrite	too	and	supported	my	plans.

I	needed	to	make	roots	somewhere,	and	I	needed	to	be	out	of	the	Thompson

loop.	I	didn’t	want	to	break	all	ties	with	my	family;	I	just	wanted	time	to	live,	to breathe,	 where	 I	 didn’t	 have	 to	 worry	 that	 I’d	 have	 to	 fix	 some	 catastrophe	 or another	that	my	brothers	had	created.

Now,	I	was	in	my	own	home	with	a	car	in	the	garage,	and	I	counted	myself

lucky.	The	income	I	had	from	the	family	business,	an	income	my	father	had	set up	on	the	day	I	was	born,	paid	the	huge	amount	of	money	I’d	just	spent	on	my new	life.	I	sent	Roxie	a	message	and	waited	for	her	reply.

We	agreed	to	meet,	and	I	gave	her	directions	to	my	new	home.

“Wow,	 this	 place	 is	 nice,	 Emily!”	 She	 walked	 around	 the	 living	 room	 and kitchen	with	me,	and	I	showed	her	the	pool	in	the	back.	It	was	heated,	so	I	could use	it	even	in	the	cooler	months.	Then	I	took	her	to	the	upper	floor.

“I’ve	only	decorated	one	of	the	bedrooms,	right	now.	I	have	…	plans	for	the other	 rooms,”	 I	 stumbled	 and	 didn’t	 know	 what	 to	 say	 that	 would	 reveal	 too much.

“I	get	it,”	she	said	and	patted	my	arm	as	I	showed	her	the	empty	rooms	and

the	upstairs	bathroom.	There	was	one	in	my	bedroom	and	another	downstairs,	so there	were	plenty	of	those.

The	tour	took	the	pressure	off	of	me	to	explain	that	I	wanted	to	turn	one	into an	 office,	 one	 room	 into	 a	 nursery	 one	 day,	 and	 one	 into	 a	 playground	 for	 me.

And	the	baby’s	daddy.

The	 baby	 part	 could	 wait;	 I	 wasn’t	 in	 a	 huge	 rush	 about	 that.	 I	 was	 hoping Roxie	would	help	me	with	the	getting-the-man	part.

“It’s	 a	 beautiful	 house,	 Emily,	 it	 really	 is.”	 She	 smiled	 and	 hugged	 me.

“You’re	getting	there.”

“I	 am.	 I	 told	 them	 all	 finally	 that	 I’m	 done	 playing	 super-nanny.	 I’ll	 watch the	kids	from	time	to	time,	but	right	now,	I	need	this.”

She	understood,	she	always	had.	When	I	met	her	at	the	office	for	the	charity, I	hadn’t	known	what	she	did	for	a	living,	not	at	first.	We	worked	together	to	help blind	children	learn	how	to	live	in	a	world	without	sight.	Sometimes	the	children had	been	born	blind,	and	sometimes	it	came	as	a	result	of	illness,	but	either	way, we	 were	 there	 to	 help	 them.	 I’d	 come	 to	 know	 her	 as	 a	 planner,	 a	 fellow fundraiser,	and	as	a	woman	before	I	found	out	what	she	did.	I	didn’t	judge	her career	 choices	 and	 never	 would.	 In	 fact,	 I	 rather	 admired	 those	 choices.	 I’d wished	I’d	been	as	brave	long	ago.

“I	just	need	one	more	thing	to	help	me	along.”	I	clasped	my	hands	in	front	of myself	and	scrounged	up	the	nerve	to	ask	Roxie	the	one	thing	I	wanted	to	know the	most.	“Can	I	come	to	the	club	with	you?”

“Ah,	I	thought	you’d	get	around	to	that	eventually.	Do	you	have	coffee?”	She looked	at	me	with	a	grin,	and	I	nodded	as	I	led	her	downstairs.	I	wanted	to	pause and	 jump	 with	 joy,	 because	 I	 knew	 she	 had	 decided	 to	 let	 me	 go,	 but	 I	 didn’t

want	her	to	change	her	mind	either,	so	I	ushered	her	down	the	stairs	and	into	the kitchen.

“I’m	 not	 finished	 with	 unpacking	 yet,	 but	 I	 do	 have	 coffee	 available.”	 I began	 the	 process	 of	 making	 coffee	 in	 a	 French	 Press,	 the	 only	 way	 I	 knew	 to make	it,	and	wondered	if	I	should	use	the	coffee	maker	I’d	bought.	I	didn’t	know how	 to	 use	 one	 and	 had	 left	 the	 machine	 in	 the	 box,	 on	 the	 counter	 since	 I’d moved	in.

She	told	me	about	the	things	I’d	have	to	do	before	I	could	apply:	get	a	health check,	blood	tests,	things	like	that,	and	that	I’d	have	to	speak	with	her	boss.	“If you	 can	 pass	 all	 of	 that,	 and	 I’m	 sure	 you	 can,	 then	 I	 don’t	 think	 she’ll	 have	 a problem	letting	you	in.”

“I	just	had	a	checkup	done,	so	I	can	get	that	all	emailed	to	me	today.”	It	was Friday,	though,	so	I’d	have	to	hurry	to	talk	to	someone.	“Give	me	a	minute.”

I	called	the	office	and	spoke	with	my	doctor’s	receptionist.	Within	minutes	I had	the	test	results	and	printed	them	out.	“What	else	do	I	need?”

“A	 background	 check,	 do	 you	 have	 a	 copy	 from	 when	 we	 had	 to	 provide them	 to	 Helping	 Hands?”	 Helping	 Hands	 was	 the	 nonprofit	 organization	 we volunteered	 with.	 Since	 we	 worked	 with	 children,	 we	 all	 had	 to	 have	 criminal background	checks.

“I	do,	I	made	sure	to	get	extra	copies,	just	in	case	I	needed	them	again	this year.”	I	had	that	in	a	folder	upstairs.	“What	else?”

“Well,	that’s	all	I	think.”	She	looked	over	the	test	results	and	nodded.	“Yes,	I think	that’s	all.”

“Then	I’m	in?”	I	sat	across	from	her	at	the	little	table	in	the	kitchen	that	had sold	me	on	the	place.

I	 loved	 the	 pool,	 the	 bedrooms,	 the	 fact	 that	 I	 had	 so	 much	 room,	 and	 so many	windows,	but	the	kitchen	had	sold	me.	Along	the	back	wall	were	cabinets above	 and	 below,	 a	 massive	 double	 sink,	 a	 gas	 stove	 top	 with	 a	 large	 oven against	the	right	wall.	Done	in	light	wood	and	stainless	steel,	the	kitchen	was	a dream.	The	fridge	stood	off	to	itself	against	the	right	wall,	but	that	was	fine.	An island	 separated	 the	 utility	 area	 from	 a	 dining	 area,	 and	 I’d	 put	 in	 a	 pine	 table and	four	chairs	to	fill	the	space.	A	dining	room	was	just	off	from	the	kitchen,	but

I	doubted	I’d	ever	really	use	it.	Not	for	a	while,	at	least.

I	 was	 excited,	 ready	 to	 go	 right	 now,	 but	 I	 had	 to	 hear	 her	 say	 the	 words before	I’d	let	myself	believe	it	was	true.

“Look,	this	isn’t	just	some	brothel,”	Roxie	began,	her	face	full	of	her	concern for	me.	“I	know	you	have	some	kind	of	wish	to	find	out	what	it’s	like,	but	I	want you	to	know	the	reality	of	it.	You	can	say	no,	at	any	time,	to	anyone.	You	aren’t going	to	be	forced	to	do	anything.	Right	now,	you	can’t	perform	on	the	stage,	but if	 my	 boss	 agrees,	 you	 can	 act	 as	 a	 hostess.	 And	 if	 you	 find	 a	 patron	 you	 like, then	you	can	discuss	him	becoming	your	protector.”

“Okay.	 How	 long	 does	 that	 take?”	 From	 what	 she’d	 said,	 I	 knew	 the	 men were	 handsome,	 mainly	 alpha	 type,	 but	 some	 not	 so	 alpha.	 I	 wanted	 one	 who knew	how	to	control	a	woman,	how	to	make	her	feel	alive.

“As	long	as	you	want	it	to	take.	You	can	go	in	tonight	and	find	the	perfect one.	 In	 fact,	 I	 might	 know	 someone.”	 I	 saw	 how	 apprehensive	 she	 was,	 so	 I leaned	in	closer	to	her.

“What	does	he	look	like?”	I	asked,	my	eyes	wide	with	anticipation.

“Like	 I’d	 have	 him	 if	 I	 hadn’t	 accepted	 Freddy	 as	 my	 protector.”	 She breathed	 the	 words,	 and	 I	 knew	 he	 must	 be	 gorgeous.	 “He’s	 so	 fucking gorgeous.”

“Roxie,	you	rarely	swear,”	I	noted,	then	grinned.	“He	must	be	super-hot.”

“He’s	got	a	package	in	those	pants	of	his	you	wouldn’t	believe	too.	I	wish	I’d been	able	to	have	a	chance	with	him,	but	oh	well.	I	think	he’ll	be	just	right	for you.”

“We	can	go	tonight?”	I	pushed,	eager	to	know	if	I	needed	to	get	ready	or	not.

“Let	me	make	a	call,	and	I’ll	let	you	know.	Bring	me	your	background	check, and	 I’ll	 take	 pictures	 to	 send	 to	 my	 boss.	 We	 can	 take	 in	 the	 printouts	 to	 her later.”

“Done!”	 I	 exclaimed	 with	 glee,	 and	 I	 ran	 up	 the	 stairs	 to	 the	 small	 file cabinet	where	I’d	put	the	folder.	When	I	returned	downstairs,	Roxie	was	on	the phone.

I	heard	her	give	the	information	to	another	woman	and	waited.	“Alright,	I’ll let	her	know.”

I	swallowed	and	looked	at	her,	my	eyes	eager	for	information.	“Well?”

“You	 can	 come	 in	 tonight.	 My	 boss	 is	 a	 little	 concerned	 about	 your	 family finding	out	what	you’re	doing,	however.”

“You	told	her	who	my	family	was?”	I	asked,	surprised	at	the	invasion	of	my

privacy.

“No,	she	ran	your	name	and	found	out	who	you	were	in	seconds.	She	doesn’t

just	take	anyone	in,	you	know?	She	wants	you	to	pick	out	a	fake	name,	one	that isn’t	associated	with	you	at	all.	We	tell	most	girls	to	do	that	if	they	want	to,	but with	you,	it	has	to	be	a	fake	name.”

“Ah.	Alright.	I	hadn’t	thought	about	it	much;	I	just	assumed	I’d	be	protected, somehow.”

Truth	be	told,	I	didn’t	really	want	my	family	to	know	what	I	had	planned,	but I	also	didn’t	care.	My	father	would	be	disappointed,	but	he	had	his	own	life	with my	mother,	and	the	two	were	busy	traveling	the	world	now	that	my	brothers	had taken	 over	 the	 family	 business.	 I	 probably	 wouldn’t	 see	 them	 for	 another	 year, since	they’d	recently	visited	their	estate	in	Charlotte.

“It’s	a	huge	thing,	isn’t	it?”	I	asked	softly	and	turned	to	look	at	her.

“You’re	going	to	sell	your	body,	and	maybe	even	your	spirit	and	mind,	to	a

man	you	don’t	know,	Emily.	It’s	more	than	huge;	it’s	life-changing.”

“Will	 you	 think	 it	 matters	 that	 I’m	 a	 virgin?”	 I’d	 left	 that	 part	 out,	 but	 she didn’t	look	surprised.

“I	think	it	will	be	a	huge	selling	point,	actually.”	She	sighed	the	sigh	of	the experienced	and	then	gave	me	a	big	smile.	“I	hope	you	get	what	you	want	from this,	Emily.”

“I	do.	I	know	I’ve	never	done,	well,	anything	really,	but	I	want	this.	I	want	it so	very	desperately.”

“Just	remember,	you’re	protected	there,	no	matter	what.	You	can	leave	at	any point,	anytime	you	want	to.	There	won’t	be	any	questions	asked	at	all.	You	can just	talk	to	the	men,	keep	them	company,	or	you	can	do	more;	it’s	all	up	to	you.”

“Thank	you,	Roxie.	I	really,	I	just…,”	I	paused	because	I	wasn’t	exactly	sure what	I	wanted	to	say.	“Thank	you.”

“I	 hope	 you’re	 still	 thanking	 me	 the	 next	 morning,”	 she	 said	 with	 a	 wry

smile.	 “I	 want	 you	 to	 stick	 close	 to	 me	 the	 first	 night,	 alright?	 When	 I’m performing,	 I	 want	 you	 in	 the	 front	 row,	 where	 I	 can	 keep	 an	 eye	 on	 you.	 It’s busy	on	Friday	nights,	so	just	keep	your	cool,	remember	who	you	are	and	why you’re	there,	and	stay	in	control,	okay?”

“Yes,	ma’am,”	I	said	with	a	wink.	It	was	about	to	be	go	time.





6

DYLAN

“W hat	do	you	mean	that	one	was	taken	off	the	market?	It’s

perfect!”	 I	 stared	 at	 my	 phone	 as	 if	 the	 speaker	 on	 the	 other

side	could	see	the	fury	on	my	face.

“I’m	 sorry,	 Dylan,	 the	 city	 council	 have	 condemned	 the	 building	 for	 some reason.	It’s	no	longer	for	sale,”	Liz,	the	real	estate	agent,	said	from	the	other	end of	the	line.	“I	will	keep	looking.”

“Please	 do,”	 I	 growled	 and	 cut	 the	 call.	 There	 wasn’t	 anything	 else	 I	 could say,	really,	so	I	ended	the	call.	It	was	infuriating.

“I	know	this	is	the	work	of	Trent	Thompson,	I	just	know	it	is,”	I	said	to	the person	 across	 from	 me.	 Freddy,	 the	 man	 who	 had	 shown	 me	 the	 ropes	 around town,	 and	 who	 knew	 all	 the	 right	 hands	 to	 shake.	 Obviously,	 Trent	 Thompson did	too.

“It	 looks	 like	 he	 doesn’t	 want	 the	 competition,	 that’s	 for	 sure.”	 Freddy stubbed	out	a	cigar	and	sipped	at	his	brandy.

“I	don’t	get	it.	The	place	is	crawling	with	resorts.	It	runs	out	of	rooms	on	a regular	basis	during	the	summer,	but	he	wants	to	block	me?”

“Competition	is	fierce	here,	even	if	rooms	do	fill	up.	People	want	the	newest, the	latest,	and	they	want	a	great	experience.	Something	shiny	and	new	at	another hotel	 might	 draw	 the	 bookings	 away.	 Can’t	 say	 that	 I	 blame	 the	 fella,	 to	 be honest.	 It’s	 good	 strategy.	 Keep	 the	 new	 people	 out	 and	 you	 won’t	 have	 to compete	so	hard.”

“Fuck	 him,”	 I	 growled	 and	 glared	 at	 Freddy.	 “Whose	 side	 are	 you	 on

anyway?”

“Yours,	my	new	friend,	but	I’m	a	realistic	man.	I’m	not	going	to	piss	on	your head	and	tell	you	it’s	raining.	I’ll	tell	you	the	facts	of	life,	and	the	truth	is	Trent doesn’t	want	you	here.	That’s	a	fact	that	can’t	be	changed.”

I	 wondered	 for	 a	 moment	 if	 my	 past	 was	 the	 real	 culprit	 here.	 I’d	 been adopted,	but	not	as	a	baby.	I’d	been	old	enough	that	the	rumors	that	I’d	killed	my real	 parents	 had	 been	 plausible,	 if	 not	 likely.	 The	 rumors	 had	 persisted throughout	my	life.	They’d	included	allegations	of	abuse,	abuse	so	horrific	that I’d	snapped	one	day,	killed	my	real	parents,	and	ended	up	at	an	adoption	agency.

Like	 the	 questions	 about	 Jesse	 James,	 I	 didn’t	 bother	 to	 sway	 people’s	 opinion on	the	matter;	it	was	pointless.

Something	 like	 that	 followed	 you,	 and	 I	 could	 even	 find	 mentions	 of	 it	 in online	forums	still.	It	wasn’t	talked	about	as	much	now,	people	soon	had	forgot about	me,	and	more	sensational	killings	eclipsed	anything	I	might	have	allegedly done.	Could	that	smidgen	of	history	be	the	real	reason	Trent	had	worked	so	hard thus	far	to	keep	me	out	of	the	resort	business	here?

“I’d	like	to	kick	a	few	levels	of	sense	into	that	man.”	Then	I	thought	about	it some	more.	“Actually,	I	think	his	brothers	help	run	the	business	too.	I’d	like	to break	them	all,	show	them	they	can’t	keep	me	out.”

Freddy	 looked	 at	 me	 with	 skepticism,	 but	 he	 nodded.	 “I	 don’t	 doubt	 you could	do	it	too.”

“I	could,	one	way	or	another.”	I	couldn’t	think	of	how	though.	The	brothers had	bought	up	a	lot	of	the	property	I	wanted,	and	they	had	now	blocked	the	sale of	the	latest	place	I’d	decided	to	make	a	bid	on.	How	could	I	break	them?

It	 wasn’t	 a	 matter	 of	 money.	 I	 was	 a	 rich	 man,	 the	 properties	 I	 had	 on	 the west	 coast	 of	 America	 kept	 my	 bank	 balance	 eye-wateringly	 high,	 and	 I	 could buy	almost	any	place	I	wanted	to.

I	 really	 liked	 the	 atmosphere	 of	 Myrtle	 Beach,	 though,	 and	 I	 wanted	 to expand	out	this	way	as	soon	as	possible.	“Damn	them	all.”

I	clenched	my	fist	and	pounded	on	the	table.	“What	you	need	to	do	is	relax, son.	Ole	Freddy	will	find	you	something.	I	promise.”

I	nodded	at	the	man,	but	I	knew	his	kind	of	friendship	came	with	a	price	I’d

have	to	repay	at	some	point.	I	didn’t	want	to	be	beholden	to	him,	and	I	wanted	to find	a	place	on	my	own.	It	didn’t	look	like	that	would	happen,	however.

“Zoning	 laws	 suck	 here,	 by	 the	 way.”	 There	 was	 a	 lot	 of	 property	 I	 could buy,	 develop	 into	 a	 resort,	 and	 make	 a	 killing	 off	 of,	 but	 zoning	 laws	 dictated what	 could	 be	 built	 where	 here,	 and	 they	 restricted	 a	 lot	 of	 land.	 Those	 laws were	in	place	mainly	because	of	hurricanes	and	were	meant	to	help	conserve	the lush	beaches	in	the	area.	I	could	understand	that,	but	still.

“Can’t	get	around	those.	Many	have	tried	and	failed.”	Freddy	sat	back	in	his seat	at	the	bar	we’d	come	to	for	drinks	and	a	chat.	We	were	in	a	dark	corner,	and the	place	was	almost	empty,	so	our	conversation	was	private.

“I’ll	think	of	something.”	I	sipped	at	the	beer	I’d	ordered	but	hadn’t	touched yet.	Liz	had	called	the	minute	I	sat	down	and	dropped	the	latest	bomb	on	me.

“I’m	sure	you	will,”	Freddy	said	softly.	“You	heading	over	tonight?”

I	knew	what	he	meant.	Elmo’s.	“Yeah,	hopefully	I’ll	find	something	to	take

my	mind	off	my	troubles.	I’m	starting	to	get	lonesome.”

“What	are	the	girls	like	in	Kansas?”	Freddy	asked	and	tipped	his	empty	glass at	the	bartender	for	another.

“The	 same	 as	 here.	 It’s	 not	 all	 farms	 and	 windmills,	 you	 know?	 Our	 cities have	some	of	the	sweetest	ladies	you’ll	ever	find,	and	a	lot	of	them	are	the	right kind,	if	you	know	what	I	mean.”

We	chuckled	together,	and	Freddy	said	he’d	have	to	travel	out	that	way	one

day.	 “Come	 see	 me,	 if	 I’m	 there.	 I	 travel	 a	 lot	 for	 business,	 but	 I’ll	 be	 glad	 to show	you	around	if	I’m	there.”

“That’d	 be	 great.”	 Freddy	 nodded.	 The	 air	 around	 us	 was	 relaxed,	 and	 it stayed	that	way	as	more	people	came	in.	You	want	to	head	over	to	Elmo’s?”

“Yeah,	let’s	get	out	of	here	before	it	fills	up	too	much.	I	hate	crowds,	and	I know	what	it’ll	be	like	in	there	by	ten.”

“Wild.”	Freddy	grinned	as	we	paid	our	tab	and	left.

When	 I	 got	 to	 Elmo’s,	 the	 parking	 lot	 had	 a	 few	 cars	 in	 it.	 Later,	 the	 party inside	 would	 be	 all	 but	 out	 of	 hand,	 but	 you	 wouldn’t	 be	 able	 to	 tell	 outside.

Most	people	came	by	taxi,	or	had	a	driver	drop	them	off.	That	parking	lot	would never	fill	up.

I	 walked	 inside	 and	 found	 the	 music	 was	 already	 loud.	 It	 blared	 from	 the surround	sound,	and	I	saw	Hayley,	another	dancer,	on	the	stage	giving	it	her	all.	I had	 been	 in	 Myrtle	 Beach	 for	 a	 couple	 of	 weeks	 now,	 and	 I	 hadn’t	 been	 laid since	I	got	here.	I	was	starting	to	get	antsy,	and	the	beauty	on	the	stage	caught my	attention.	She’d	do	for	a	night,	maybe	two.

Three	was	my	limit,	but	I	didn’t	always	make	that	clear.	I	liked	to	keep	my options	open.	I	wasn’t	ready	to	settle	down,	and	when	I	did,	the	woman	would have	to	be	more	than	special	to	keep	my	interest.	I	had	women	from	all	over	the country	at	my	feet,	night	and	day,	if	I	wanted	them.	I	didn’t	need	to	be	tied	down to	one	just	yet.

Although,	 if	 I	 found	 the	 woman	 who	 could	 handle	 my	 kind	 of	 play	 …	 the woman	on	stage	caught	my	attention	again.	She’d	shifted	into	a	new	routine,	one that	 had	 her	 writhing	 along	 the	 floor	 as	 she	 pounded	 her	 fist	 to	 the	 industrial music.	She	had	a	hard	edge,	the	vixen	on	the	stage,	and	might	be	an	interesting partner.	She’d	definitely	bite	back.

I	forgot	all	about	the	Thompson	family	as	the	beauty	dropped	her	top,	and	I was	given	a	full	display	of	large	rosy	nipples.	The	kind	you	could	suck	on	and not	get	tired	of.	Sensitive	nipples	from	the	looks	of	them.	The	buds	were	tightly puckered,	and	the	end	stuck	out	at	least	half	an	inch.	Yeah,	the	kind	you	could really	get	your	teeth	on.

I	 felt	 a	 rush	 of	 blood	 straight	 down	 to	 my	 pants	 and	 adjusted	 myself.	 The way	she	bent	over,	in	that	tiny,	little,	frilly	blue	skirt	with	white	trim	made	even more	 blood	 flow,	 and	 I	 had	 to	 shift	 around	 in	 my	 chair	 a	 little	 more.	 That	 ass, demarcated	with	garters	that	ran	down	her	thighs,	made	the	vision	she	was	even more	tempting.	A	quick	fuck,	even	against	a	wall	in	the	hallway,	would	be	worth it	just	to	feel	that	lush	ass	against	my	thighs.

And	in	my	palms.	My	hands	twitched	as	I	thought	about	it.	She	finished	her

set	 then,	 and	 a	 man	 came	 up	 to	 her.	 She	 melted	 into	 his	 arms,	 and	 I	 knew	 she was	 taken	 for	 the	 night,	 if	 not	 protected.	 Disappointment	 flooded	 through	 me, and	I	knew	I’d	lose	it	if	I	stayed	there.	Better	to	go	into	the	dark	confines	below the	 building	 and	 find	 a	 dark	 spot	 to	 let	 my	 brain	 run	 free	 while	 I	 watched someone	else	partake	in	the	game	I	wanted	to	play.

I’d	had	play	partners	before,	quite	often	really,	and	I	loved	the	thrill	of	it	all.

It	wasn’t	always	easy	when	you	traveled	the	way	I	did,	but	every	now	and	then I’d	 find	 someone	 who	 wanted	 to	 play	 as	 much	 as	 I	 did.	 I	 used	 the	 key	 Miss Maples	had	given	to	me	and	headed	down	the	gas-lit	hall.	I	knew	where	I	was going	and	didn’t	have	to	think	about	it.

A	new	couple	was	there	today.	A	woman,	on	her	knees,	her	arms	chained	up

over	her	head.	She	wore	a	mask,	and	it	kept	her	long	red	hair	from	falling	into her	face.	She	wore	a	black	PVC	top	that	appeared	to	have	been	poured	onto	her torso	and	arms,	and	a	pair	of	bright	yellow	panties.	Something	about	those	garish panties	told	me	that	her	dom	had	put	those	panties	on	her.

I	knew	the	pair	inside	couldn’t	see	me	or	shadows	of	the	people	who	walked

by,	but	the	man	in	there,	in	a	mask	that	covered	his	entire	head	in	black	leather, looked	 in	 my	 direction.	 He	 moved	 to	 his	 sub;	 the	 small	 whip	 in	 his	 hands twitched	along	the	woman’s	breasts,	and	she	stirred.	Her	head	had	hung	down	as if	in	capitulation	until	the	brush	of	the	leather	against	her	nipples.

She	hissed	in	a	breath,	but	the	dom’s	face	didn’t	turn	back	to	his	submissive.

It	stayed	locked	into	place,	on	me.	Could	he	see	me,	after	all?	I	shifted	around, shoved	my	hands	down	in	the	pocket	of	my	trousers,	and	ignored	the	key	card Miss	Maples	had	given	me	a	couple	of	nights	ago.	A	grin	spread	over	the	man’s face,	a	red	slash	revealed	by	the	open	zipper	over	the	mouth.

The	man	moved,	his	head	turned,	and	he	reached	out	to	the	woman	suddenly.

With	a	hard	yank,	he	twisted	her	nipple,	and	I	saw	her	pained,	surprised	reaction in	3D.	Her	lips,	painted	a	garish	red	that	clashed	with	her	hair,	opened	wide,	her eyes	were	blindfolded	so	I	couldn’t	see	them,	but	I	knew	they’d	be	open	beneath the	black	scarf	tied	behind	her	head.

Her	nipples	had	gone	tight,	and	the	man	stepped	back	to	admire	his	work.	He tweaked	the	other	one,	and	she	seemed	prepared	now.	That	was	sad,	I	decided.

I’d	liked	her	response.	I	saw	the	woman	bite	her	lip	and	let	it	go,	and	I	knew	it was	a	tease.

This	was	all	for	the	man	in	front	of	her.	The	man	was	fit,	a	giant	compared	to the	 tiny	 woman	 below	 him.	 She	 was	 slim,	 almost	 too	 small,	 but	 those	 nipples said	she	was	all	woman.	Tucked	against	her	feet	perfectly,	she	had	a	round	ass

and	slim	thighs.	Perfect	for	riding	a	giant.

I	 waited,	 but	 nothing	 more	 happened.	 They	 spoke	 to	 each	 other,	 although	 I couldn’t	hear	exactly	what	was	being	said.	I	couldn’t	decide	if	I	really	wanted	to watch	their	display	or	just	find	a	quiet	room	to	jerk	off	in	before	I	headed	back up.	I	could	always	head	out,	do	it	in	my	room,	and	have	a	lot	more	privacy.

I	was	about	to	turn	away	when	the	man	took	his	cock	in	his	hand	and	shoved

it	into	the	woman’s	mouth.	I	saw	her	body	relax	as	if	she’d	been	tense	all	along, while	 she	 waited	 for	 the	 one	 thing	 she	 craved.	 Now	 that	 she	 had	 it,	 she	 could relax.	But	not	really.

I	watched	the	display,	my	eyes	attentive,	as	she	took	every	inch	of	him.	She was	so	small;	I	knew	she	shouldn’t	have	been	able	to	swallow	that	entire	length, but	she	did	and	tried	to	go	for	more.	Her	slim	hands	clenched	and	unclenched	as if	she	had	her	hands	on	him,	but	she	didn’t.	She’d	lost	her	control	then.

I	 smiled,	 but	 my	 eyes	 narrowed	 on	 her.	 I	 watched	 the	 signs	 of	 her	 total capitulation,	 the	 way	 her	 body	 leaned	 into	 his,	 the	 way	 she	 eagerly	 swallowed every	inch	of	him,	and	the	way	she	wanted	more.	She	had	even	started	to	squirm in	place	on	the	black	square	she	sat	on.	I	could	see	she	was	bare	below	the	waist, totally	bare,	in	all	regards.

Every	time	he	pulled	away,	slid	out	of	her	juicy	mouth,	the	man’s	foot	tapped at	her	knee	and	her	legs	would	open	slightly.	More	and	more	until	I	could	see	the evidence	of	how	excited	she	was,	even	from	where	I	stood.	Blood	surged	in	my cock,	and	I	wanted	to	relieve	the	ache	there,	but	I	didn’t	want	to	be	the	sad	fuck jerking	off	in	a	hallway.

The	 man	 hit	 a	 button,	 and	 the	 woman	 was	 lifted	 to	 her	 feet.	 There	 was	 a collar	around	her	neck	now	that	had	her	secured	to	a	board.	Inventive,	I	decided, but	 maybe	 a	 bit	 extreme	 for	 me.	 It	 did	 create	 a	 pretty	 picture,	 and	 the	 woman didn’t	seem	upset	about	it.

She	 all	 but	 bounced	 on	 her	 feet	 as	 the	 man	 came	 up	 to	 her,	 lifted	 her	 legs, and	 wrapped	 them	 around	 his	 waist.	 She	 was	 at	 just	 the	 right	 height,	 and	 her body	 jolted	 as	 he’d	 thrust	 into	 her.	 Her	 hands	 were	 still	 working	 in	 their bindings,	and	I	wondered	if	he’d	taken	the	weight	off	of	her	shoulders.	She’d	be in	too	much	pain	otherwise.

He	had	her	ass	cradled	in	his	hands,	and	though	it	might	look	like	he	was	out of	 control,	 he	 wasn’t.	 The	 woman	 was	 safe	 and	 was	 soon	 screaming	 with pleasure	as	her	body	jerked	against	the	board.	That	was	what	I	wanted.	Now,	to find	it.	I	headed	back	upstairs,	eager	to	find	my	own	playmate.





7

DYLAN

Sometimes	people	lived	their	entire	lives	without	exploring	their	inner

desires.	They	lived	a	quiet	life,	taking	part	in	the	same	routine,	every

day,	 with	 small	 moments	 of	 joy	 found	 in	 that	 routine.	 They	 lived	 their	 lives blindly,	they	didn’t	look	to	the	left	or	to	the	right,	and	they	certainly	didn’t	look at	their	own	desires.	They	just	lived	until	they	died.

I	wasn’t	that	kind.	I	knew	what	I	wanted.	I’d	explored	it	a	variety	of	times.

I’d	opened	minds	and	bodies	to	the	ultimate	experience	that	desire	could	bring	to a	 human	 body.	 In	 the	 process,	 I’d	 examined	 my	 actions,	 the	 responses	 I	 felt toward	 that	 action,	 and	 replicated	 the	 ones	 that	 brought	 me	 the	 most	 pleasure.

There	was	always	room	to	grow,	though,	and	I	would	try	new	things.	With	the right	woman.

I’d	settled	into	a	chair	at	Elmo’s	and	awaited	the	promised	siren	that	Roxie had	enticed	me	with.	I	hadn’t	really	planned	to	come	to	Elmo’s	tonight,	the	hunt was	 starting	 to	 wear	 on	 me,	 but	 she’d	 sent	 word	 through	 Freddy	 that	 I	 would want	to	make	sure	I	was	there	for	her	set.

I	 didn’t	 know	 a	 lot	 about	 the	 woman	 that	 Roxie	 had	 told	 me	 about,	 but	 I knew	 if	 the	 professional	 said	 I’d	 like	 her,	 then	 she	 had	 to	 be	 right.	 I	 waited	 as Roxie	 did	 a	 routine	 I’d	 seen	 before,	 but	 then	 the	 lights	 changed,	 and	 smoke began	to	fill	the	stage.	Out	of	the	smoke	emerged	a	small,	blonde	siren.	She	was wrapped	 in	 nude	 satin,	 her	 full	 breasts	 were	 covered,	 her	 slim	 waist	 was exposed,	as	was	her	navel.

Her	hair	had	been	pulled	back	into	a	tight	ponytail,	and	she	wore	a	strip	of

the	 satin	 as	 a	 mask.	 The	 material	 on	 her	 body	 had	 been	 draped	 expertly	 and exposed	a	lot	of	skin,	but	it	hid	from	the	viewer’s	eyes	the	most	intimate	parts.	I could	see	her	there	on	the	stage,	her	lips	a	shiny	red	that	needed	to	be	kissed,	and firm	thighs	that	needed	to	wrap	around	my	waist.	Oh	yes,	she	would	do.

Roxie	 took	 the	 woman	 by	 the	 hand,	 and	 I	 saw	 the	 newcomer’s	 uncertainty.

She	stumbled	but	caught	herself	as	Roxie	led	her	to	the	pole.	Roxie	climbed	as we	 all	 watched,	 and	 when	 she	 was	 up	 halfway,	 she	 took	 the	 woman’s	 hand.

Again,	 she	 was	 uncertain,	 but	 she	 was	 also	 brave.	 So,	 she	 could	 be	 led.	 She could	fight	her	own	fears	to	get	what	she	wanted.

I	 ran	 a	 thumb	 across	 my	 jaw	 as	 I	 watched	 her,	 my	 concentration	 unbroken even	when	my	finger	moved	to	tap	at	my	top	lip	while	I	watched.	She	wasn’t	as full	in	the	hips	as	I’d	normally	like,	but	for	a	night,	she	might	do.

I	 hummed	 as	 Roxie	 caressed	 the	 other	 blonde	 who	 stood	 with	 such	 regal presence,	despite	the	fear	that	made	her	head	turn	as	she	sought	to	see	who	was in	the	audience.	She	held	herself	with	pride;	she	wasn’t	cowed	as	some	women were	 on	 their	 first	 night	 at	 Elmo’s.	 She	 stood	 with	 her	 head	 held	 high	 and	 her body	on	display,	now	that	she’d	finally	conquered	the	jitters	that	had	shaken	her at	first.

Roxie’s	finger	slowly	brushed	along	the	feminine	line	of	the	woman’s	jaw,	an erotic	move	from	a	woman	who	hung	upside	down	from	a	metal	pole.	They	were

a	 pair	 on	 the	 stage,	 and	 as	 an	 introduction	 it	 was	 seductive.	 The	 promise	 of innocence	was	enhanced	by	Roxie’s	overtly	sexual	pose.	I	liked	the	contrast.

I	wanted	to	speak	to	her,	to	look	into	her	eyes,	so	I	waited	patiently.	Some	of the	women	who	came	in	wanted	to	strike	out	on	their	own	and	were	completely independent,	 but	 I	 had	 a	 feeling	 Roxie	 would	 stay	 close	 to	 this	 one.	 She	 knew the	woman,	but	she	hadn’t	told	me	anything	about	the	lady’s	personal	life,	other than	the	fact	that	she	wanted	to	live	a	little.

Was	she	some	preacher’s	daughter,	out	to	take	a	little	shine	off	of	her	halo?

Was	that	it?	My	eyebrows	furrowed	as	the	pair	ended	their	performance	and	left the	stage.	Or,	perhaps,	some	strictly	raised	Mr.	Dark	who	wanted	to	find	out	if real	 life	 was	 better	 than	 the	 books	 she	 hid	 in?	 Or	 maybe	 a	 daddy’s	 girl	 who wanted	 out	 from	 beneath	 his	 thumb?	 It	 didn’t	 matter	 to	 me	 where	 the	 woman

came	from,	but	a	woman	who	had	been	spoiled	her	entire	life	probably	wouldn’t like	my	world	very	much.	I’d	soon	find	out,	I	decided,	and	sat	back	in	my	chair.

They’d	make	their	way	to	me	eventually,	and	I’d	be	ready	for	them.

They	stopped	at	the	table	of	a	new	member,	and	whatever	he	said	made	the

princess	blush	and	look	away.	But	she	still	held	her	head	regally,	and	I	could	tell she	wasn’t	used	to	being	spoken	to	so	…	familiarly.	I	felt	my	eyes	narrow	again and	 watched	 her	 with	 some	 amusement.	 It	 would	 be	 fun	 to	 break	 that	 regal	 air down,	 to	 watch	 her	 head	 go	 from	 poised	 and	 untouchable	 to	 a	 more,	 well, submissive	air.

I	 felt	 my	 body	 respond	 to	 her,	 and	 I	 knew	 she	 was	 the	 one	 I	 wanted,	 most definitely	 wanted.	 She’d	 do	 quite	 well,	 and	 it	 wasn’t	 just	 desperation	 for	 a playmate	that	led	me	to	that	conclusion.	She	was	a	prime	candidate	for	my	kind of	 play,	 and	 even	 if	 her	 manners	 and	 air	 said	 she	 was	 in	 control	 and	 always would	 be,	 I	 knew	 that	 what	 she	 actually	 needed	 was	 a	 firm	 hand	 and	 a	 red bottom.

She	made	her	way	to	another	table,	Roxie	at	her	side,	and	I	could	hear	their conversation.	 She	 had	 the	 South	 Carolina	 Southern	 accent,	 but	 there	 was	 a refined	edge	to	it.	The	syllables	that	were	usually	slurred	came	out	a	little	more pronounced	 than	 you’d	 typically	 find	 in	 these	 parts,	 and	 the	 way	 she	 spoke screamed	boarding	school	to	me.	That	or	she’d	taken	elocution	lessons.

I	took	it	all	in,	and	what	I	found	was	a	well-bred	woman	who	probably	came

from	 money,	 and	 a	 lot	 of	 it,	 if	 the	 way	 she	 held	 herself	 apart	 from	 the	 club members	 meant	 anything.	 That	 wasn’t	 nervousness,	 or	 even	 fear;	 it	 was confidence	 and	 training.	 She’d	 been	 taught	 to	 be	 a	 proper	 lady,	 and	 everyone who	met	her	would	always	know	it.	From	the	way	she	spoke	to	the	man	with	a

polite	but	distant	air,	I	knew	she	could	hold	a	conversation	with	anyone	and	walk away	 without	 a	 hint	 of	 rudeness	 on	 her	 part.	 Capable	 too,	 then,	 I	 decided	 as Roxie	led	her	to	the	bar.

The	 woman	 was	 given	 a	 glass	 of	 wine,	 and	 for	 a	 moment,	 they	 sat	 there quietly	 whispering	 to	 each	 other.	 Even	 in	 little	 more	 than	 scraps	 of	 cloth,	 the woman’s	 pose	 said	 she	 was	 elegantly	 dressed	 and	 her	 attire	 wasn’t	 anything unusual.	She	might	as	well	have	been	wearing	a	suit	with	a	scarf	tucked	around

her	neck	for	modesty’s	sake.	Nothing	touched	her,	but	she	wasn’t	an	ice	princess, far	from	it	if	that	fire	in	her	eyes	meant	anything.	No,	she	was	just	a	woman	who knew	what	she	wanted	and	hadn’t	found	it	yet.

She	hadn’t	met	me;	she	hadn’t	even	looked	in	my	direction.	She	just	sat	on

that	stool,	as	if	at	a	garden	party,	and	whispered	to	Roxie.	Every	now	and	then, she’d	 reach	 out	 and	 touch	 Roxie’s	 arm.	 So,	 they	 were	 friends	 outside	 of	 this place,	 I	 knew.	 Where	 had	 Roxie	 met	 her?	 What	 would	 a	 woman	 like	 Roxie	 be doing	at	any	kind	of	function	this	woman	might	go	to?	Or	had	they	met	in	some bar	somewhere?

It	was	all	quite	a	mystery,	and	I	wanted	to	find	out	what	it	all	meant.	If	Roxie would	 stop	 playing	 games	 and	 just	 bring	 the	 woman	 over	 to	 me,	 we	 could	 get started.	 Roxie,	 however,	 was	 enjoying	 her	 little	 game	 of	 tease.	 I	 gathered	 as much	when	she	cast	a	wink	in	my	direction	with	a	slight	wave	of	her	fingertips.

“Bitch,”	I	whispered	softly,	but	didn’t	mean	it.

I	knew	Roxie	was	heavily	invested	in	the	place;	otherwise,	she	wouldn’t	do

so	 much	 of	 the	 work	 around	 here,	 and	 this	 was	 all	 part	 of	 an	 elaborate	 dance.

From	that	little	show	on	the	stage,	to	the	poised	woman	on	that	stool,	it	was	all part	of	a	plan	Roxie	had	devised.

I’d	strangle	her	if	the	tease	of	it	all	wasn’t	so	fun.

A	 grim	 smile	 stretched	 over	 my	 face,	 and	 I	 sat	 back	 to	 wait	 a	 little	 while longer.	 Good	 things	 come	 to	 those	 who	 wait.	 I	 knew	 that	 well	 from	 my	 time here.	 The	 other	 hotels	 would	 be	 fine	 without	 me,	 for	 now,	 and	 I	 could	 spend	 a little	more	time	out	here.	Most	of	the	work	I	needed	to	do	could	be	done	from my	computer	in	the	small	penthouse	I’d	rented	today,	and	the	rest	could	be	done with	phone	calls.

In	 the	 past,	 my	 father	 had	 spent	 a	 lot	 of	 time	 on	 the	 road,	 going	 back	 and forth	between	hotels.	I	hadn’t	seen	him	a	lot,	and	that	was	part	of	the	reason	he’d retired.	 He	 wanted	 to	 spend	 more	 time	 with	 his	 wife	 and	 play	 golf,	 so	 he’d handed	 over	 control	 of	 the	 hotels	 on	 the	 west	 coast	 of	 the	 country	 to	 me.	 I’d expanded	the	range	when	I	bought	hotels	in	New	Orleans,	Louisiana	and	one	in Biloxi,	Mississippi.

Taking	our	business	to	the	east	coast	was	proving	almost	impossible.	There

were	 other	 places	 to	 look,	 some	 down	 the	 coast	 and	 others	 up,	 but	 I	 really wanted	to	have	one	here	in	Myrtle	Beach.	I	was	patient,	and	I’d	wait.	Something would	come	along.	Just	like	the	princess	on	the	stool	over	there.

There	 were	 rooms	 here,	 rooms	 we	 could	 claim	 permanently,	 for	 a	 price,	 or we	 could	 use	 them	 as	 our	 whims	 took	 us.	 The	 rooms	 that	 were	 claimed permanently	could	be	decorated	and	kitted	out	however	we	liked.	I’d	take	one	of those	rooms	tonight,	I	decided	as	I	looked	her	over.	Give	her	a	little	taste	of	what was	to	come.

Roxie	 shifted	 off	 of	 her	 stool	 and	 took	 her	 friend’s	 hand	 once	 again.	 I straightened	 in	 my	 chair	 as	 they	 came	 in	 my	 direction.	 I	 sat	 up	 straight	 and waited,	 my	 face	 impassive.	 Roxie’s	 face	 was	 a	 mask	 of	 triumph	 as	 she	 finally brought	the	woman	to	me.	They	walked	up	to	my	table,	in	a	darker	corner	of	the bar,	and	stood	there.

The	woman	looked	at	me,	her	eyes	taking	in	the	shape	of	my	face,	the	bulge

of	my	shoulders	in	the	suit	I	wore,	and	the	length	of	my	fingers	on	the	table.	An arched	brow	told	me	she	liked	what	she	saw.

“Hello,	 Roxie.	 Who’s	 this	 delicious	 little	 morsel	 you’ve	 brought	 to	 me?”	 I was	much	taller	than	the	woman,	and	now	that	she	was	close,	I	could	see	that	her body	 was	 perfection,	 even	 if	 her	 hips	 weren’t	 very	 full.	 I	 would	 love	 every moment	my	hands	were	on	her.

“This,	 my	 friend,	 is	 Stephanie.	 She’s	 just	 joined	 us	 here	 at	 Elmo’s,	 and	 I thought	 you’d	 like	 to	 meet	 her.”	 Her	 voice	 was	 cool,	 but	 I	 could	 hear	 the amusement	in	it.	She’d	seen	how	I’d	stared	at	Stephanie	then.

If	 that	 was	 her	 real	 name.	 She	 didn’t	 look	 like	 a	 Stephanie	 to	 me,	 not	 with those	beautiful	gray	eyes,	but	I	wouldn’t	judge.

“Hello,	Stephanie.”	I	turned	my	gaze	to	the	woman	and	looked	her	over	and

over	again.

“Hello,	Mr.	Dark.”	Her	voice	was	barely	above	a	husky	whisper,	and	I	felt	a throb	of	desire.

“Mr.	Dark?”	I	asked,	confused,	but	willing	to	play	along.

“Yes,	you’re	tall,	dark,	and	handsome.	I	think	it	suits	you.”	The	words	came out	on	a	flirtatious	note.

I	 knew	 she’d	 be	 more	 than	 lovely	 at	 my	 feet,	 on	 her	 knees,	 with	 her	 head bent	 in	 submission.	 The	 image	 was	 so	 vivid	 in	 my	 head	 I	 faked	 a	 cough	 and pushed	my	hips	under	the	table	a	little	more.

“I	can	tell	you	my	real	name,	if	you’d	prefer?”	I	offered,	but	she	shook	her head.

“No,	Mr.	Dark	works,	for	now.”

“For	now.	Indeed.	Would	you	like	to	sit?”	I	held	a	chair	out	but	didn’t	rise.

“I’ll	leave	you	two	to	get	acquainted	then.	Freddy’s	just	arrived,	and	I	want to	 say	 hello.”	 Roxie	 left	 us	 with	 a	 wink	 in	 my	 direction,	 and	 I	 turned	 to	 the delightful	company	I’d	just	been	left	with.

“Can	 I	 get	 you	 something?”	 I	 asked,	 and	 she	 nodded.	 She	 seemed	 to	 be	 a little	nervous	now	that	Roxie	was	gone,	but	she	didn’t	panic.

“Rum	and	Coke,	please.”	She	twitched	the	material	that	was	wrapped	around

her	body	and	got	settled	in.

It	only	took	a	moment	to	get	her	a	drink,	and	I	came	back	with	a	confident

smile.	“Here	you	go,	as	requested.”

“Thanks.”	She	took	a	drink	of	it	before	she	put	the	glass	down.	“Look,	I’m

new	to	this,	and	really	nervous,	so	if	I	say	something	stupid…”

“It’s	fine,”	I	interrupted	I	didn’t	want	her	to	get	upset	and	possibly	run	off.

“You	 aren’t	 the	 only	 girl	 to	 walk	 through	 those	 doors	 for	 the	 first	 time.	 Just relax.	We	all	know	why	we’re	here,	but	there’s	no	need	to	rush	into	anything.”

I	 put	 my	 hand	 over	 hers	 and	 felt	 her	 warmth.	 I	 wanted	 her	 even	 more	 now that	 I’d	 heard	 her	 voice	 and	 seen	 those	 incredible	 eyes	 up	 close.	 She	 smiled,	 a little	bashful	now,	but	she	leaned	into	me.	She	moved	her	bottom	lip,	and	I	knew she	wanted	to	bite	it;	I	wanted	her	to	bite	it,	but	she	didn’t.	Instead,	she	looked away.

“It’s	 nicer	 than	 I	 thought	 it	 would	 be,”	 she	 said	 and	 turned	 back	 to	 me.	 “I expected	something	like	you’d	see	in	a	movie.”

“No,	 this	 isn’t	 one	 of	 those	 places,	 and	 it’s	 not	 a	 drug	 den.	 Drugs	 aren’t allowed.”	I	took	a	deep	breath	before	I	spoke	again.	“It	kind	of	reminds	me	of the	old	gentlemen’s	clubs	you	can	read	about	in	novels	set	in	the	Victorian	era.

I’ve	 actually	 seen	 men	 reading	 newspapers	 and	 talking	 quietly	 here.	 It’s,	 well,

genteel,	almost.”

“Except	for	the	stage,”	she	pointed	out,	and	I	laughed.

“Except	 for	 the	 stage,”	 I	 repeated	 with	 a	 low	 chuckle.	 “But	 it’s	 not	 a	 bad place.	Well,	except	for	the	dance	club	part	on	this	floor.	That	can	get	pretty	wild, but	that’s	only	open	for	special	events.”

“I	see.	And	how	does	all	of	this	work	then?”	She	leaned	forward,	her	elbows on	the	table	as	she	picked	up	her	glass	to	finish	her	drink.

“Roxie	didn’t	tell	you?”	I	was	a	little	surprised	at	that.	Roxie	normally	took care	of	all	of	the	new	girls	and	told	them	the	lay	of	the	land.

“I	 know	 how	 it’s	 supposed	 to	 happen,	 but	 real	 life	 is	 always	 different	 from what	 you	 expect,	 isn’t	 it?	 I’m	 not	 sure	 how	 to	 proceed,	 exactly.”	 Her	 eyes	 had been	on	mine	as	she	spoke	but	had	fallen	down	to	her	hands	now	that	she	was finished.

“Well,	 it’s	 all	 up	 to	 you,	 Stephanie.	 If	 you	 should	 just	 so	 happen	 to	 find	 a man	you	like,	you	sit	down,	have	a	drink,”	I	paused	to	tilt	my	scotch	at	her,	“and talk	about	it.”

“And	what	if	the	man	doesn’t	want	me?”	she	asked,	a	question	in	her	eyes.





8

EMILY

“T hen	that	man	must	be	insane.	Or	blind.”

I	took	a	deep	but	steady	breath	as	I	let	my	eyes	go	back	to	him.

He	 was	 right	 beside	 me,	 our	 legs	 almost	 pressed	 together,	 and	 excitement	 had rushed	through	my	veins	and	a	tightening	of	my	skin.

I	 hadn’t	 seen	 him	 from	 the	 stage,	 mainly	 because	 I’d	 been	 so	 nervous.	 I could	 barely	 see	 Roxie,	 much	 less	 anyone	 in	 the	 dark	 crowd,	 but	 I	 had	 when she’d	subtlety	whispered	it	to	me	at	the	bar.	His	face	had	been	pointed	down	at his	 phone,	 but	 I	 could	 see	 it	 just	 fine.	 He	 had	 a	 gorgeous	 face,	 with	 high cheekbones,	a	strong	nose,	and	eyes	that	were	shaped	beautifully.	I	couldn’t	tell the	eye	color	yet,	not	from	this	distance,	but	I	could	tell	they	were	light.

It	was	only	when	Roxie	took	me	over	to	his	seat	that	I	figured	out	his	eyes were	gray,	but	a	much	lighter	shade	than	my	own.	His	almost	looked	like	glass on	 a	 cloudy	 day,	 but	 clearer.	 Roxie	 had	 told	 me	 a	 little	 about	 him,	 that	 he	 was looking	for	a	playmate	and	what	that	meant.

When	she’d	gone	over	the	finer	details,	my	eyes	had	glazed	over,	because	I

was	still	thinking	about	the	term,	playmate.	Someone	to	have	fun	with,	to	play with,	 but	 in	 an	 adult	 way.	 And	 apparently,	 Mr.	 Dark’s	 kink	 aligned	 with	 mine perfectly.	If	a	virgin	could	have	a	kink.

I	 looked	 down	 at	 his	 hand	 over	 mine	 and	 moved	 my	 fingers	 to	 trace	 down the	long	length	of	his	hand.	Manicured	nails,	skin	that	had	seen	work	but	were smooth	 with	 no	 rough	 parts	 to	 tear	 at	 my	 skin.	 Hands	 that	 would	 engulf	 me, mold	me,	make	me	scream.	If	I	let	them.

I	looked	up	into	his	eyes	and	saw	a	fierce	gaze	that	didn’t	want	to	let	me	go.

My	 breath	 caught	 in	 my	 chest	 as	 I	 looked	 into	 those	 eyes.	 They	 held	 promises and	a	certain	kind	of	smugness	that	wasn’t	unattractive.	On	the	contrary,	it	was the	 self-assurance	 that	 came	 along	 with	 the	 smug	 that	 made	 him	 even	 more attractive.

He	didn’t	want	the	things	he	wanted	to	prove	he	was	superior	to	a	woman;	he wanted	 them	 because	 he’d	 liked	 to	 be	 in	 control,	 to	 give	 pleasure,	 or	 to	 take	 it away	 at	 his	 whim.	 It	 was	 a	 power	 game,	 of	 course,	 but	 not	 a	 game	 of degradation.

“I	would	like	to	discuss	the	matter	with	you	further,	but	I	promised	Roxie	I’d talk	with	her	before	I	made	my	final	decision.	Do	you	mind?”	I	knew	the	mask was	on	and	was	aware	of	it	as	he	looked	at	my	face	while	I	waited.

My	fingers	reached	up	to	touch	the	edges,	it	was	still	in	place.	That	would	be one	of	my	rules.	The	mask	stayed	on,	or	there	was	no	deal.

“Not	a	problem.	Take	your	time.	I	have	all	night.”	I	didn’t	know	male	voices could	be	sultry	until	then.	I	took	a	big	breath	and	stood.

It	 took	 everything	 in	 me	 to	 walk	 away	 from	 that	 table,	 and	 I	 waited	 until Roxie	 had	 dragged	 me	 into	 a	 dark	 corner	 to	 let	 the	 grin	 spread	 over	 my	 face.

“He’s	perfect!”

“I	know!	But	listen,	I’ve	heard	he	likes	to	play	games.	Games	you	might	not be	ready	for,	Emily.”

“Stephanie,”	I	corrected	quickly,	with	a	hiss,	“I’m	Stephanie	here.”

“Shit,	 I’m	 sorry.	 Of	 course,	 Stephanie.”	 Her	 hand	 fell	 down	 to	 cup	 my shoulder.	“I’m	just	worried	he	might	be	too	…	uh,	experienced	for	you.	That’s all.”

“No,	he’s	exactly	what	I	want.	And	dirty	to	boot,	I	bet.	God,	he’s	so	perfect, Roxie!”	When	all	you	wanted	was	someone	that	fucking	hot	to	make	you	scream their	name	as	they	fucked	you,	he	was	perfect.

“But,	the	other	stuff,	the	uh,	games…”	She	let	the	sentence	trail	off.

“I’m	not	the	most	experienced	bird	in	the	nest,	I	know	that	Roxie,	but	I	know what	 those	 games	 are.	 I’m	 not	 afraid.	 It	 turns	 me	 on,	 actually.”	 I’d	 never admitted	 that	 out	 loud,	 and	 I	 felt	 my	 cheeks	 flame	 even	 as	 I	 said	 them.	 She

needed	to	know	I’d	survive	this.	“I	have	the	rules	you	gave	me,	and	the	sense	to know	when	 I	 need	help.	 I	 might	not	 know	 the	 man,	but	 I	 do	know	 he’s	 what	I want.”

“Alright	then.	If	you’re	sure?”	She	looked	me	square	in	the	eye	and	waited.

“I’m	sure.	Come	on.	Be	happy	for	me.”	I	pulled	on	her	arm,	and	she	smiled

before	she	bent	down	to	kiss	my	cheek.

“Be	happy,	Stephanie.	That’s	all	I	want	for	you.”	She	let	me	go	then,	and	I walked	back	to	Mr.	Dark’s	table.

I	wondered	what	his	name	was.	Byron	perhaps?	Was	his	mother	a	poet	who

could	 see	 into	 the	 soul	 of	 her	 child	 to	 name	 him	 after	 such	 a	 man?	 Was	 she practical	and	named	him	John,	perhaps?	Or	Biblical	and	named	him	something

saintlier?	Benedict,	perhaps,	or	Moses?

It	 was	 hard	 to	 tell,	 but	 that	 was	 part	 of	 the	 fun.	 I	 wanted	 to	 spend	 a	 small amount	of	time	with	a	man	who	would	treat	me	well,	who	would	open	my	eyes,

and	 most	 importantly,	 get	 me	 off.	 I	 needed	 to	 be	 treated	 to	 whatever	 he	 had	 to offer;	I	needed	Mr.	Dark	and	his	lovely	games.

“Alright,	do	you	want	to	discuss	the	practicalities?”	I	knew	he	was	as	clean as	me	and	would	be	checked	regularly	to	make	sure	he	stayed	that	way.	House rules,	and	no	fudging	on	health	certificates.

“If	 that’s	 how	 you	 want	 to	 do	 it,	 then	 we	 shall.”	 He	 smiled	 as	 I	 sat,	 only	 I moved	closer	to	him	this	time.

“I	would	like	to	have	it	out	in	the	open.”	I	worried	I	might	be	too	forceful, not	timid	enough	for	a	man	who	wanted	a	sub.	But	I	wasn’t	his	anything	yet,	and I’d	do	this	the	way	I	wanted	to.	It	had	to	be	that	way.	For	now.

I’d	 tried	 a	 couple	 of	 adult	 forums,	 places	 that	 I’d	 never	 admit	 to	 being	 a member	of,	and	had	come	across	more	than	a	few	men	who	were	clueless.	Dick

pics	and	demands	that	I	get	on	my	knees	and	suck	their	cocks	as	introductions just	 didn’t	 seem	 …	 appropriate.	 Okay,	 you	 know	 how	 to	 treat	 a	 woman	 as	 a subhuman,	 good	 for	 you.	 That’s	 not	 what	 I	 was	 after,	 not	 necessarily,	 and certainly	 not	 from	 those	 men.	 Subordination	 wasn’t	 always	 meant	 to	 be demeaning.	 In	 many	 ways,	 it	 was	 meant	 to	 lift	 the	 sub	 up,	 to	 give	 them confidence,	and	the	freedom	to	know	they	were	safe	to	let	go.	They	were	safe	to

let	the	dominant	one	have	the	control.

Mr.	 Dark’s	 eyes	 promised	 he	 knew	 all	 of	 that,	 far	 better	 than	 I	 did.	 Those eyes	spoke	of	experience	and	confidence	that	I’d	only	learned	to	fake	really	well.

Inside,	 I	 sometimes	 quaked	 with	 doubts,	 with	 misgivings	 about	 my	 worthiness for	 a	 life	 as	 good	 as	 my	 brothers	 had.	 I’d	 never	 accomplished	 things	 like	 they had;	 I’d	 barely	 even	 been	 able	 to	 finish	 my	 university	 degree,	 but	 not	 through my	 own	 faults.	 My	 responsibilities	 to	 my	 brothers	 and	 father	 had	 been overwhelming,	and	doing	exams	and	papers	in	the	midst	of	their	chaos	had	never driven	me	over	the	edge.

I’d	 managed	 to	 get	 through	 it,	 though,	 I’d	 doubt	 any	 of	 them	 even	 realized I’d	 done	 it.	 We	 didn’t	 celebrate	 my	 graduation,	 and	 I	 didn’t	 make	 a	 huge	 fuss about	it.	They’d	all	been	so	…	busy.	Too	busy	to	notice	me.

I	 wasn’t	 really	 upset	 about	 their	 lack	 of	 forethought	 when	 it	 came	 to	 me anymore.	I	was	resigned	to	it.	My	birthday	had	been	the	final	straw,	though,	even if	they	were	apologetic	about	it	now	and	had	all	sent	me	gifts.	That	wasn’t	what mattered.	I	didn’t	care	about	gifts;	I	cared	that	I	mattered	to	someone.	Even	if	it was	only	for	a	short	while	as	we	enjoyed	the	things	life	had	to	offer.

“I’d	 like	 to	 know	 what	 you	 expect,	 Stephanie.”	 He	 flicked	 a	 hand,	 and	 the waitress	brought	us	more	drinks.	I	sipped	at	mine	and	studied	his	face.

“I	 expect	 to	 be	 treated	 with	 respect,	 Mr.	 Dark.	 I	 expect	 to	 be	 treated	 with dignity,	 cared	 for	 throughout	 our	 agreement,	 and	 I	 mean	 physically,	 not monetarily	necessarily,	and	I	expect	you	to	retain	control	and	not	force	your	way through	the	agreed	safe-word.	If	I	use	it,	that’s	it—we’re	done.”

“There	 can	 be	 no	 other	 way.”	 He	 tapped	 at	 his	 bottom	 lip	 with	 his	 index finger	 for	 a	 heartbeat	 that	 caught	 my	 attention,	 before	 he	 spoke	 again.	 “What else?”

“I	expect	to	be	pleasured,	if	I	may	be	so	blunt.	I	don’t	want	a	session	of	me sucking	 your	 dick,	 and	 then	 you	 walking	 off	 to	 leave	 me	 like	 my	 satisfaction doesn’t	 matter.”	 I	 couldn’t	 believe	 the	 words	 coming	 out	 of	 my	 mouth,	 but	 I couldn’t	stop	them	either.	I	wanted	to	be	clear	on	where	I	stood.

“Madam,	 I	 wouldn’t	 dream	 of	 leaving	 you	 in	 such	 a	 state.”	 He	 sat	 up	 and brought	 his	 face	 closer	 to	 mine.	 “I’m	 aware	 you	 may	 not	 be	 as	 experienced	 as

some,	 but	 I	 can	 assure	 you,	 I	 know	 what	 I’m	 doing.	 And	 leaving	 you	 with anything	other	than	my	name	on	your	lips,	completely	satiated,	is	the	last	thing	I would	ever	do.”

He	actually	said	satiated.	A	man	who	knew	what	that	word	meant!	My	heart

flipped	in	my	chest.	I	put	my	hand	over	the	fluttering	organ	and	tried	to	talk	it into	calming	down.	Then	the	gist	of	what	he	said	hit	me.	Totally	satiated	with	his name	on	my	lips.	It	conjured	up	all	sorts	of	images	of	debauched	pleasure	that made	 heat	 wind	 from	 my	 stomach	 down	 between	 my	 thighs.	 I	 squeezed	 them together,	but	that	only	made	it	worse.

“Indeed.	Then,	we	can	move	on	to	other	subjects.”	I	looked	him	in	the	eyes

and	waited.	“What	will	you	not	do?”

“I	don’t	do	blood	play.	It’s	just	not	for	me.	No	knives,	anything	like	that.	If you	want	that,	you’ll	have	to	find	it	somewhere	else.”

“I	don’t	know	what	that	is.”	Obviously,	I	hadn’t	gone	as	far	down	the	rabbit hole	as	it	was	possible	to	go.

“Ah,	I	see.	Some	people	like	to	be	whipped	until	they	bleed.	Or	cut.	It’s	not something	I	participate	in.”

“No,”	I	said	and	shook	my	head	vigorously.	“It	doesn’t	sound	like	anything

I’d	like	either.”

“Good,	then	we’re	agreed	on	that	subject.	No	blood.”

“No	 vaginal	 penetration.”	 I	 suddenly	 volunteered	 and	 looked	 down	 at	 the perfectly	nude	manicure	on	my	own	hands.	“I,	uh,	I’d	like	to	reserve	that.”

“Oh?”	he	asked	and	looked	at	me	more	intently.	“Are	you	a	virgin?”

Damn	 my	 cheeks!	 They	 burned,	 and	 I	 looked	 at	 him,	 but	 refused	 to	 feel ashamed.	“I	am.	I’m	not	saving	it	for	marriage	or	anything;	I’m	just	…	waiting.”

“I	 see.	 No,	 that	 should	 be	 done	 correctly.	 I	 agree,	 Stephanie.	 Alright,	 no vaginal	 penetration	 then.”	 His	 smile	 was	 a	 balm	 to	 my	 bruised	 ego,	 even	 if	 I could	detect	a	hint	of	smug	again.	“I	think	I’ll	quite	enjoy	giving	you	lessons.”

“Lessons?”	I	asked,	not	sure	what	he	meant.

“You’ve	never	fucked	a	man	before,	right?	Or	sucked	a	dick.	Or	felt	a	man’s tongue	inside	of	you,	I’d	have	to	imagine.”

“I,	no.	I	haven’t.”	My	cheeks	flamed	all	over	again,	but	I	didn’t	back	down.

He’d	been	crude	on	purpose,	to	shock	me	and	gauge	my	reaction.

“Then	this	will	be	lessons,	on	how	to	do	all	of	those,	how	to	take	what	you’re given,	properly.”

I	 had	 a	 feeling	 this	 man	 would	 test	 my	 patience,	 far	 beyond	 anything	 I’ve ever	experienced	before.	Even	with	my	brothers,	arrogant	bastards	that	they	all were,	 I’d	 never	 had	 to	 deal	 with	 a	 man	 who	 directed	 that	 arrogance	 at	 me.	 I wondered	what	he’d	do,	what	he’d	make	me	do,	and	anticipation	began	to	make me	nervous.

“What	else,	Stephanie?”	he	murmured,	and	I	finished	my	drink.

“We	have	to	start	tonight.”	I	gulped	and	looked	at	him,	the	glass	now	empty on	the	table.

“I	stopped	having	any	other	plans	for	the	night	the	minute	I	saw	you	on	that stage.”

“Really?”	I	smiled	softly,	pleased.	“I’m	glad	you	liked	me.”

“I	 do,	 indeed.	 I	 need	 to	 speak	 to	 our	 mutual	 friend,	 Roxie	 over	 there,	 and we’ll	have	to	sign	some	papers,	but	otherwise,	I’m	yours	for	the	rest	of	the	night, Stephanie.	And	three	more	if	you’d	like.”

“Only	three?”	I	asked,	a	little	disappointed.	Would	that	be	enough?

“Only	three,”	he	repeated,	his	face	a	mask.	“I’m	not	in	this	for	a	relationship or	for	long	term	commitments;	if	that’s	a	problem…”

He	 allowed	 the	 words	 to	 trail	 off,	 and	 it	 hit	 me	 that	 I	 was	 about	 to	 let	 this man	 touch	 me	 in	 ways	 no	 other	 man	 had.	 He	 was	 a	 complete	 stranger,	 if	 a charming	one,	and	I	knew	next	to	nothing	about	him.	That	made	the	whole	thing even	more	naughty,	and	I	smiled	as	my	bravado	came	back	to	life.

I	wasn’t	exactly	on	fire	for	the	man,	I’d	barely	just	met	him,	but	I	felt	a	draw to	him	that	I	couldn’t	deny.	“Three	days	would	be	satisfactory.”

“Oh,	it’ll	be	far	more	than	satisfactory,	my	dear,”	he	murmured	and	ran	his finger	down	my	jaw.	“You’ll	never	forget	them,	I	promise	you	that.”

“I	hope	you	can	keep	that	promise,	Mr.	Dark.	I	really	do.”	I	watched	his	eyes as	I	issued	the	challenge	and	knew	I	was	in	for	a	lot	more	than	I’d	bargained	for.

Those	 mysterious	 gray	 eyes	 went	 wide	 then	 narrowed	 down	 slightly	 before he	looked	away.

“Where’s	Roxie	at?	I	think	we	need	to	start	you	on	etiquette	lessons,	missy.”

The	words	were	spoken	softly,	but	with	careful	control.

Oh	no,	was	I	in	trouble?





9

DYLAN

I wanted	to	feel	the	burn	of	my	hand	over	her	bottom,	I	decided	as	the

cheeky	 little	 monkey	 issued	 a	 challenge	 to	 me.	 She	 hoped	 I	 could keep	my	promise?	I’d	make	sure	she	never	forgot	me,	that	was	for	sure.

But	it	wasn’t	violence	that	she’d	remember	me	for.	Oh	no,	now	that	I	had	a

distraction	for	the	next	three	days,	I’d	make	sure	little	Miss	Innocent	knew	every way	to	please	a	man,	herself,	and	to	be	pleased.	She	wouldn’t	forget	me,	because I’d	make	her	crave	me.

I	wasn’t	a	cruel	man,	however,	and	I	wanted	it	known	up	front	that	I	didn’t do	relationships.	It	was	too	much	stress	and	drama,	both	of	which	I	didn’t	need.	I had	enough	of	that	in	my	work	life;	I	didn’t	need	it	in	my	play-time	either.	No, I’d	found	it	much	easier	to	be	up	front	with	my	partners,	that	way	there	were	no expectations.

I	 beckoned	 Roxie	 over	 once	 I	 caught	 her	 eye,	 and	 we	 went	 about	 the business	end	of	the	deal.	The	monetary	sum	Stephanie	would	be	given	as	a	token of	appreciation,	not	for	services	rendered,	was	a	bit	high	for	the	normal	fee,	but she	was	special.	I’d	already	guessed	she	was	a	girl	of	breeding	and	taste,	most likely	 educated	 at	 a	 boarding	 school	 with	 the	 manners	 and	 suave	 conversation skills	 that	 came	 with	 it.	 Even	 the	 way	 she	 tilted	 her	 head	 was	 practiced, controlled.

Everything	 about	 her	 was,	 though.	 Even	 now,	 she	 wanted	 control	 of	 the situation,	 to	 make	 demands,	 and	 I	 knew	 she	 hadn’t	 quite	 grasped	 the	 situation.

She	 was	 a	 sub,	 and	 in	 many	 respects,	 in	 control	 of	 me,	 but	 only	 in	 the	 way	 I

responded	to	that.	I	needed	to	be	sure	she	knew	that.

“You	do	realize,	once	you	sign	your	name	to	that	document,	you	are	to	be	at my	beck	and	call?	That	you	will,	in	essence,	be	mine?”

She	took	a	deep	breath,	blinked	for	a	moment,	and	then	looked	at	me.	“I	have been	in	control	my	entire	life,	Mr.	Dark.	I’ve	been	at	everyone’s	beck	and	call, but	not	a	single	person	has	given	me	anything	in	return.	I	want	what	you	offer now.	I’m	fully	aware	of	what	it	means,	but	I	will	get	something	out	of	it.	I	won’t be	left	alone,	in	the	dark,	with	nothing	to	show	for	it.”

“I	see.”	I	waited	for	her	to	go	on,	but	she	didn’t.	I	would	enjoy	breaking	that control	of	hers.	“Would	you	like	another	drink?”

She’d	had	two,	but	I’d	offer	a	third	if	she	needed	it.	I	didn’t	want	her	drunk, but	I	did	want	her	to	be	able	to	let	her	inhibitions	go.	Instead	of	answering	me, she	signed	her	name	to	the	contract	and	looked	at	me	directly.

“I’d	 like	 a	 bottle	 of	 water,	 a	 moment	 alone,	 and	 then	 I’d	 like	 to	 begin.	 If that’s	alright	with	you?”

Her	left	eye	twitched,	and	I	knew	she	was	nervous,	but	she	wouldn’t	give	in to	that	state.	Where	should	I	begin	with	her,	I’d	wondered.

“That	sounds	acceptable.	You	will	find	me	in	the	room	assigned	to	us	when

you’ve	finished.”

“Thank	you.	I	won’t	be	long.”

“Take	your	time.”	I	left	the	bar	the	moment	she	did	and	found	the	room	we’d been	 assigned.	 Our	 sort	 of	 play	 was	 a	 common	 enough	 theme	 that	 the establishment	 had	 set	 up	 a	 room	 that	 had	 been	 cleaned	 and	 sanitized,	 with everything	we	might	need	available.	I	walked	in	to	find	all	was	in	order,	that	the toys	 we	 might	 need	 during	 our	 time	 together	 were	 new	 and	 in	 packaging	 to ensure	sanitation,	and	that	we	had	a	fridge	with	snacks	and	a	few	drinks.	I	also went	into	a	closet	to	the	side	of	the	room	and	found	new	pajamas	available.

I	 decided	 to	 put	 on	 a	 black	 silk	 pair	 then	 went	 to	 the	 bed	 to	 wait	 for Stephanie.	The	room	had	a	table	to	one	side	with	lubricants	and	massage	oils	in individual	packs,	as	well	as	condoms.	The	rest	of	the	room	was	meant	for	play.

I’d	explore	it	more	later.	For	now,	I	wanted	to	get	to	know	this	pretty	little	angel and	settle	her	in	to	what	was	to	come.

I	 wouldn’t	 rush	 her,	 but	 when	 the	 time	 came,	 I’d	 push	 her	 right	 over	 the edge.	That	was	the	moment	a	woman	was	at	her	most	beautiful,	when	she	finally snapped	and	gave	in	to	her	own	desires,	her	own	needs,	and	let	her	mind	go.

I	connected	my	phone	to	the	Bluetooth	speaker	system,	started	a	playlist,	and adjusted	 the	 sound	 until	 the	 music	 was	 a	 soft	 background	 noise.	 I	 dimmed	 the lights	 until	 the	 large	 room	 was	 a	 place	 of	 mystery,	 full	 of	 shadows	 and	 dark places.	I	noticed	a	memory	foam	rug	beneath	a	set	of	rings	on	the	wall.	I’d	seen the	 shackles	 in	 the	 drawers,	 ready	 for	 use.	 Would	 Stephanie	 be	 ready	 for	 that tonight,	or	was	this	a	girl	who	only	wanted	to	play	at	being	a	sub?

From	 the	 way	 her	 eyes	 had	 flashed	 at	 me	 and	 the	 arch	 of	 her	 eyebrow	 on more	 than	 one	 occasion,	 I	 knew	 that	 Stephanie	 would	 be	 one	 of	 those	 women who	 would	 fight	 back.	 Even	 though	 she’d	 agreed	 to	 be	 a	 sub,	 she	 wouldn’t	 be able	to	help	herself,	and	then	we’d	have	even	more	fun	as	I	taught	her	to	obey.

I	was	hard	already	at	just	the	thought	of	it	all	and	tried	to	distract	myself.	I didn’t	normally	react	so	quickly	to	a	new	conquest,	but	something	was	different about	her.	I	brushed	the	thought	off	and	let	my	head	fall	back	against	the	bed.	I’d waited	 weeks	 to	 find	 a	 new	 playmate	 and	 a	 property	 here,	 but	 I	 could	 wait	 a while	longer.

She	didn’t	want	to	be	vaginally	penetrated,	but	there	were	ways	around	that, ways	 to	 give	 us	 both	 pleasure	 without	 actual	 coitus.	 Such	 an	 ugly	 word,	 but appropriate	 in	 the	 situation.	 No,	 we	 didn’t	 have	 to	 have	 penetrative	 sex	 to	 get each	other	off,	and	I’d	delight	in	the	myriad	of	ways	we	could	accomplish	that.

I’d	 noticed	 her	 fingers,	 long	 and	 delicate,	 the	 skin	 smooth	 without	 the tendons	 that	 turned	 so	 many	 feminine	 hands	 into	 claws.	 It	 was	 a	 huge	 turn-off for	me,	those	hands.	They	reminded	me	of	my	adoptive	mother,	and	well,	it	just freaked	 me	 out,	 so	 I	 avoided	 women	 with	 those	 kinds	 of	 hands.	 Stephanie’s hands	were	beautiful,	though,	so	no	worries	there.

I	began	to	get	impatient	as	I	waited	for	her	to	join	me	in	the	room.	Was	she taking	a	shower	or	something?	What	was	taking	her	so	long?	I	could	be	a	patient man,	but	I	was	impatient	for	more	than	one	reason,	and	not	just	sex.	I’d	like	to look	at	her	a	little	more.

I	 wanted	 to	 see	 her	 body	 completely	 nude.	 I	 wanted	 to	 see	 her	 with	 her

makeup	smeared	across	her	face,	hands	tied	above	her	head	and	linked	to	a	wall, as	 she	 begged	 me	 to	 make	 her	 come.	 And	 they	 were	 all	 things	 I’d	 do,	 if	 she allowed	it.

There	were	a	few	more	things	we	needed	to	talk	about	before	we	got	started

with	this,	and	I	waited	for	her	to	come	in,	a	list	in	my	head	already.	I	knew	what she	didn’t	want,	but	what	did	she	really	want?

She	 was	 a	 virgin,	 but	 that	 didn’t	 mean	 she	 had	 no	 idea	 about	 the	 world	 of sex.	 Plenty	 of	 virgins	 masturbated,	 watched	 or	 read	 pornography,	 or	 had	 vivid sexual	 fantasies.	 I	 needed	 to	 know	 what	 hers	 were,	 what	 limits	 she	 wanted	 to push,	before	I	could	take	this	further.	I	needed	to	have	an	idea	of	what	her	goal was.

We	only	had	three	days	to	reach	those	goals,	so	we	had	to	be	quick,	but	not too	quick.	Push	too	hard,	at	the	wrong	time,	and	you’d	push	your	sub	away.	Do this	with	some	control,	with	an	understanding	of	the	needs	of	the	sub,	and	you’d have	a	sub	for	life.

The	door	opened,	and	she	came	in,	now	in	a	plain	cotton	gown	that	left	her

shoulders	bare	and	ran	down	to	the	middle	of	her	calves.	Perfect	innocence	with a	 shy,	 but	 sexy	 appeal.	 Even	 the	 eyelet	 lace	 on	 the	 top	 concealed	 more	 than	 it revealed,	but	the	effect	was	spectacular.	Her	hair	was	down,	but	her	mask	kept	it pinned	to	her	head.

I	looked	at	her,	in	the	gown	that	highlighted	innocence	but	promised	so	much more	hid	beneath,	and	became	hard	again.	The	tilt	of	her	head	down,	the	lack	of confidence	 now,	 the	 way	 she	 quietly	 came	 in	 and	 turned	 to	 shut	 the	 door,	 all spoke	of	nervousness,	uncertainty,	and	I	could	smell	submission	in	every	move she	made.

With	 her	 hands	 balled	 together	 in	 front	 of	 her,	 Stephanie	 came	 to	 me	 and waited	at	the	side	of	the	bed.	“What	do	we	do	now,	Mr.	Dark?”

Sweetly	asked,	and	my	response	was	equally	as	sweet.	A	reassurance	that	all was	well	as	I	pulled	her	to	sit	beside	me.	“We’ll	do	whatever	you	like,	Stephanie.

The	night	is	yours.”

She	 pulled	 her	 lip	 between	 her	 teeth,	 her	 hands	 still	 balled	 in	 her	 lap,	 and looked	at	the	walls.	“I’d	like	to	know	what	all	of	those	things	are	on	the	walls.”

“They’re	for	chaining	and	clamping	a	sub	in	place.	I	can	have	you	on	your knees	 as	 you	 wait	 patiently	 for	 me.	 Or	 standing	 up	 with	 your	 arms	 over	 your head.	I	could	even	have	you	in	between.	Up	high	on	your	knees,	instead	of	low and	relaxed.	That	makes	 things	easier.”	I	emphasized	the	last	two	words	and	her eyes	blink	rapidly.

She’d	caught	that	then.	I	knew	she’d	be	responsive.	I	hadn’t	really	touched her	 yet,	 and	 even	 now,	 her	 bottom	 resting	 against	 my	 thigh	 was	 the	 only	 place we’d	 touched.	 “There’s	 water	 in	 the	 fridge	 there	 if	 you	 want	 it,	 and	 some snacks.”

“I	might	have	water,	thank	you.”	She	moved	to	pull	a	bottle	out	and	took	a

sip	as	she	sat	on	the	far	side	of	the	bed.	She	put	the	bottle	on	the	table	beside	of us	and	sighed.	“I’m	sorry.	I	don’t	really	know	what	to	do.	Where	to	start.”

“It’s	okay,	Stephanie.	Come	here.”

I	 held	 my	 hand	 out,	 and	 she	 came	 closer	 to	 me.	 With	 only	 a	 hint	 of roughness,	 just	 enough	 to	 make	 her	 breath	 shake,	 I	 pushed	 her	 head	 back	 and buried	my	hands	in	her	hair.	Her	mouth	opened,	waited,	and	her	eyes	were	full	of apprehension,	but	also	delight.	I	kissed	her	then,	a	rough	kiss	that	held	a	gentle lover’s	 touch.	 I	 forced	 her	 lips	 to	 open	 under	 mine	 and	 sucked	 her	 tongue	 into my	mouth.

She	 moaned	 and	 leaned	 into	 me	 as	 she	 tried	 to	 repeat	 what	 I’d	 done,	 her hands	 in	 my	 hair,	 her	 mouth	 open	 to	 take	 mine.	 She	 was	 supposed	 to	 submit, though,	not	reciprocate.	I	pulled	away,	her	face	wet	with	my	kiss.	“Let	me	show you,	Stephanie.	Don’t	try	to	follow	me.	Just	let	me	lead	us.”

She	shook	her	head	in	acknowledgment,	and	I	decided	it	was	time	to	shred	a

boundary.	If	she	couldn’t	see,	she	couldn’t	feel	so	safe.	Her	vulnerability	would heighten	her	other	senses,	and	she’d	have	to	rely	on	me.

I	pulled	a	long	swatch	of	silk	from	the	bedside	table,	and	she	looked	at	me confused.	“But	I	already	have	a	mask	on.”

“So	you	do,	but	this	is	not	a	mask,	this	is	a	blindfold.	You	won’t	be	able	to see.	I’ll	have	to	be	your	eyes	for	you.”

“I	understand.”	She	waited,	her	hands	folded	submissively	once	again	in	her lap.

I	moved	behind	her	to	put	the	blindfold	on	and	ran	my	hand	down	her	cheek.

Her	head	followed	the	touch	while	she	waited	for	more.	“Now,	tell	me	what	you want,	Stephanie.	What	you	really	want?”

“I	 want	 to	 lose	 myself,”	 she	 said	 it	 quickly,	 as	 if	 she’d	 thought	 about	 it countless	times	already.	“I	want	to	forget	the	world	exists	and	just	feel.”

“That’s	good.	What	else?”	I	sat	behind	her	and	waited	for	her	to	answer.

“I	 don’t	 …	 I	 don’t	 know	 what	 you	 mean.”	 She	 turned	 her	 head	 in	 the direction	she’d	heard	my	voice	and	waited	for	an	answer.

“How	 do	 you	 want	 to	 go	 about	 achieving	 that	 nirvana?”	 I	 said	 the	 words softly,	to	hypnotize	her,	to	relax	her.	“Do	you	want	me	to	spank	you,	to	beat	you into	subspace?	To	the	very	edge	of	your	limits?”

I	let	it	all	sink	in,	and	the	fact	that	she	didn’t	turn	away	or	take	a	breath	of fear	 told	 me	 something.	 It	 wasn’t	 out	 of	 the	 realm	 of	 possibility,	 though,	 it wasn’t	 my	 favorite	 thing	 to	 do	 to	 a	 woman.	 If	 it	 got	 her	 off,	 though,	 that	 was what	I’d	give	her.

I	 stroked	 a	 finger	 down	 the	 bare	 skin	 of	 her	 shoulder,	 down	 her	 arm,	 and around	 to	 cup	 the	 fullness	 of	 her	 breast.	 Her	 breath	 hitched	 then,	 and	 I	 knew	 I had	her	full	attention.	Her	face	turned	toward	mine,	and	I	licked	her	mouth	until she	opened,	a	soft	sigh	the	only	sound	she	made.

“Or	 do	 you	 want	 me	 to	 drag	 you	 to	 the	 very	 edge	 of	 orgasm?”	 I	 clamped softly	around	a	nipple	I	knew	no	man	had	ever	touched	before	and	squeezed	it tightly.	“Only	to	drag	you	back?	To	stop	and	leave	you	helpless?”

“That…,”	 she	 breathed,	 her	 lips	 wet	 from	 my	 kiss.	 “I	 want	 to	 be	 yours,	 to only	feel	pleasure	when	you	allow	it,	to	be	chastised	when	I	do	wrong.”

“I	think	we’ll	take	it	slow	tonight,	Stephanie.”	That	didn’t	mean	she	would be	 the	 same	 when	 I	 finished	 with	 her,	 but	 it	 would	 be	 safe.	 “Give	 me	 your hands.”

I	 took	 another	 strip	 of	 silk	 from	 the	 drawer	 and	 tied	 her	 hands	 to	 the headboard.	 She’d	 be	 able	 to	 move	 them	 a	 little,	 but	 not	 far.	 She	 didn’t	 protest; she	just	let	herself	fall	to	the	pillows	and	followed	my	lead.	Her	hands	were	over her	head	now,	and	her	breasts	were	a	temptation	I	found	hard	to	ignore,	even	in her	gown.

I	 liked	 the	 idea	 of	 leaving	 it	 on,	 the	 contrast	 of	 it	 against	 her	 skin,	 the innocence	 of	 it	 I	 was	 about	 to	 besmirch.	 Like	 some	 duke	 of	 the	 regency	 era,	 I thought	with	a	silent	snicker.	She	was	my	virginal	toy,	and	I	was	about	to	ravish her.	Kind	of.	She	had	set	a	limit	of	no	penetration.	I’d	see	how	long	that	lasted.





10

EMILY

I t	was	only	when	he	had	me	tied	to	the	bed	that	it	all	became	real.

Until	 that	 point,	 I’d	 taken	 it	 all	 in	 stride;	 I	 could	 back	 out,	 but	 this wasn’t	 so	 bad.	 He’d	 promised	 to	 take	 me	 where	 I	 wanted	 to	 go	 in	 the	 large bedroom	with	walls	decorated	with	hooks.	He’d	promised	he’d	stop	if	I	said	red, and	he’d	slow	down	if	I	said	yellow.	It	was	all	safe,	legit,	and	cool.

Until	 he	 tied	 me	 down.	 That	 was	 when	 I	 almost	 panicked	 and	 almost screamed	red.	It	was	because	of	the	blindfold.	I	didn’t	know	if	he	was	looking	at me,	if	he	was	sending	a	text;	he	could	be	doing	anything.	And	there	was	nothing I	 could	 do	 about	 it.	 I	 told	 myself	 to	 relax.	 I	 tried	 to	 talk	 myself	 down,	 but	 I couldn’t.	I	needed	to	sit	up.	I	needed	another	minute.

Mr.	 Dark,	 as	 I’d	 insisted	 he	 not	 tell	 me	 his	 name,	 placed	 a	 hand	 on	 the outside	of	my	hip,	and	calm	washed	over	me	suddenly.	“It’s	alright,	Stephanie.	I know	you	want	to	stop,	but	just	give	it	a	moment.	Relax	into	it.	It’s	become	real, suddenly,	and	a	little	scary,	but	the	fear	will	pass.”

He	was	right,	or	maybe	it	was	that	intimate	touch,	not	sexual,	just	intimate, against	my	hip.	Either	way,	calm	came	over	me,	and	I	was	able	to	focus	again.

“Are	you	claustrophobic?”

“No,	 it	 was	 just	 a	 moment.	 It’s	 gone	 now.	 You	 were	 right.	 Thank	 you.”	 I licked	my	dry	lips	and	wondered	if	I	should	call	him	master.	I	thought	that	might be	a	line	too	far	into	cliché	land,	but	if	he	wanted	me	to…

“Good.	Now.	I’m	going	to	touch	you,	Stephanie,	and	I	want	you	to	lie	very

still;	 do	 you	 understand?	 I	 don’t	 want	 you	 to	 move	 or	 wiggle	 around,	 just	 lie

very	still.”	His	body	slid	down	mine,	until	his	face	was	around	my	hips.

I	 waited,	 breath	 held,	 until	 he	 told	 me	 to	 breathe	 with	 a	 soft	 laugh	 that relaxed	me.	I	stayed	there	like	that	and	concentrated	on	not	moving	a	muscle.	He rested	his	head	against	my	hip	and	let	me	get	used	to	that	before	his	hand	moved to	 my	 knee.	 He	 pushed	 my	 knees	 apart	 until	 my	 thighs	 began	 to	 spread.	 His finger	 spun	 tight	 circles	 around	 the	 inside	 of	 each	 knee,	 until	 he	 moved	 up	 a little.

Softly,	slowly,	he	circled	his	way	up	my	thighs,	until	his	hand	found	the	edge of	 my	 panties.	 They	 were	 nude	 colored,	 and	 I’d	 spent	 a	 long	 time	 in	 the bathroom	 as	 I	 wavered	 over	 whether	 to	 leave	 them	 off	 or	 on.	 I’d	 wished	 I’d taken	them	off	now.

My	 excitement	 grew	 within	 me	 as	 he	 circled	 his	 way	 up	 my	 silky,	 smooth thighs.	 What	 was	 an	 invasive	 touch	 at	 first	 had	 now	 become	 exciting,	 and	 the apprehension	 flared	 into	 a	 need	 to	 move,	 to	 urge	 him	 to	 do	 more.	 I	 wanted	 to groan	in	disbelief	when	his	fingers	moved	to	the	bare	space	of	my	hip,	until	his fingers	 met	 resistance	 again.	 I’d	 wanted	 him	 to	 tear	 the	 panties	 away,	 to	 slide beneath	them;	whatever	it	took	to	make	it	bearable.

He	pushed	the	nightgown	up	then	and	explored	the	edge	of	the	panties,	his

fingers	 a	 skim	 on	 my	 stomach.	 I	 breathed	 through	 it	 all,	 but	 I	 was	 also concentrating	 hard	 on	 not	 moving.	 Don’t	 move,	 I	 repeated	 in	 my	 head,	 even though	I	wanted	to.	Don’t	move,	or	he’ll	stop	and	make	the	most	incredible	thing you’ve	ever	felt	stop.	Don’t	move,	or	he	won’t	make	you	feel	even	more.

I	didn’t	want	it	to	end,	especially	when	his	right	hand	moved	up	my	left	side, a	swift	movement	that	brought	him	to	my	ribcage,	just	below	my	breasts.	I	held my	breath	again	but	let	it	out	when	his	finger	traced	the	bottom	curve	of	the	skin that	 had	 never	 seen	 sunlight.	 At	 least,	 not	 outside	 it	 hadn’t.	 No	 man	 had	 ever touched	 me,	 not	 there,	 and	 it	 was	 a	 moment	 of	 discovery	 for	 me.	 I	 liked	 to	 be touched	there.

“Tell	me	what	you	want,	Stephanie,”	he	whispered	against	my	hip.

“I	want	you	to	touch	me.”	Simple	enough,	right?

“Where?”	he	asked,	a	hint	of	impatience	this	time.

“There.”	His	finger	had	stopped	its	course	up	my	breast,	stilled	now	on	the

inside	curve,	just	across	from	my	nipple,	tighter	than	it	had	ever	been	before.

“Where	 there?”	 No	 impatience	 this	 time,	 just	 resignation.	 I	 didn’t	 like	 that disappointment	there,	and	I	wanted	to	make	it	go	away.	He	was	supposed	to	be pleased	with	me;	I	was	supposed	to	please	him,	but	I’d	failed	already.

“On	 my	 nipple.	 Please.	 You’re	 the	 only	 man	 who’s	 ever	 touched	 me	 there, and	it	feels	so	good	when	you	do.”

“Who	could	turn	down	such	a	pretty	request?”	His	finger	slid	over	my	skin,

pushed	 the	 gown	 up	 around	 my	 neck,	 until	 I	 was	 bare.	 His	 fingers	 closed	 over the	sensitive	skin,	and	I	let	out	a	breath	of	air	when	his	fingers	closed	over	it.

It	was	exquisite,	not	painful,	but	it	made	me	want	to	move.	I	moaned	softly as	his	finger	squeezed	tighter,	and	my	hips	twitched.

“Don’t	move,	Stephanie,	or	I’ll	stop.”	His	lips,	against	my	other	hip,	were	a soft	brush	against	my	skin.	His	breath	blew	across	the	exposed	skin	of	my	hip.

I	didn’t	want	to	be	disappointed	in	either	of	us	when	this	was	done,	and	if	he would	hold	up	his	end	of	the	deal,	I’d	try	my	best.	“Yes,	sir.”

“Mmm,	 a	 nice	 choice,	 Steph.”	 I	 felt	 a	 glow	 of	 pleasure	 for	 his	 praise.	 “It’s not	necessary,	but	freely	given	it	is	a	pleasure.”

I	 closed	 my	 eyes,	 happy	 that	 I’d	 done	 something	 right.	 I	 didn’t	 want	 to displease	him,	at	all,	not	when	his	fingers	felt	so	nice.

His	face	moved	over	the	thin,	silky	fabric	of	my	panties,	until	his	mouth	was just	 over	 my	 sex,	 his	 chin	 rested	 between	 my	 thighs,	 and	 I	 held	 my	 breath	 all over	again.

“You	 know,	 if	 you	 spend	 the	 entire	 night	 holding	 your	 breath,	 you	 won’t enjoy	this.”

I	 wanted	 to	 protest,	 to	 tell	 him	 I	 would,	 but	 I	 couldn’t	 concentrate	 on	 not moving	and	breathe	properly	when	he	teased	me	like	that.	Was	he	going	to	touch me	down	there?	I’d	seen	it	on	videos,	but	was	it	really	good?	Did	men	really	like it?

I	mean,	there	was	a	smell	there,	not	unpleasant,	but	different.	Would	he	like the	 way	 I	 smelled?	 Tasted?	 He	 was	 experienced,	 so	 I	 was	 sure	 he	 knew	 the details	of	a	woman’s	body,	but	would	I	be	right	in	that	department?

His	 fingers	 squeezed	 even	 tighter,	 almost	 painful,	 just	 as	 he	 opened	 his

mouth	 over	 my	 panties.	 His	 teeth	 found	 that	 spot	 there,	 the	 one	 that	 ached	 the most,	 and	 I	 felt	 a	 buzz	 in	 my	 ears.	 His	 other	 hand	 came	 up	 to	 press	 his	 thumb there,	and	the	buzz	grew	in	intensity.	“There,	touch	me	there,	please.”

It	entered	my	head	that	I’d	just	begged	a	virtual	stranger	to	touch	my	private parts,	but	I	didn’t	care.	I	wanted	to	know	what	it	felt	like	when	another	human being	 touched	 me	 there,	 and	 he	 was	 about	 to	 show	 me.	 Even	 if	 it	 was	 through my	panties.	It	still	felt	heavenly.

“Very	good,	Steph.”	His	fingers	hooked	into	the	panties	for	a	moment,	long

enough	 for	 his	 tongue	 to	 lick	 across	 the	 spot,	 and	 my	 hips	 moved.	 “But	 that’s not.”

“Don’t	stop,”	I	begged,	but	he	let	the	fabric	go	and	replaced	his	tongue	with his	thumb.

“Lesson	one.	Don’t	move.”

“But	it	felt…,”

“No,	 I	 told	 you	 not	 to	 move,	 and	 you	 did.	 No	 protests.	 Just	 take	 your punishment,	 my	 dear.”	 His	 thumb	 worked	 the	 spot,	 just	 the	 right	 pressure,	 just the	 right	 pace,	 and	 I	 wanted	 more.	 “You	 do	 taste	 nice,	 though,	 so	 later,	 when you’ve	earned	it,	I’ll	taste	your	pussy	again.”

“Ohhh…”	 I	 breathed	 out,	 and	 my	 hips	 dipped	 into	 the	 bed	 at	 his	 naughty words.	“That	would	be	wonderful,	sir.”

“Indeed,	 it	 would	 be	 wonderful,	 Steph.”	 He	 shifted	 around	 to	 sit	 beside	 me then	 moved	 me	 carefully	 until	 I	 was	 on	 my	 stomach.	 I	 could	 go	 to	 my	 knees once	he	fed	more	cloth	through	the	bars	of	the	headboard,	and	he	positioned	me to	prop	up	on	my	elbows.	“Don’t	move,	Steph.	Stay	like	this.”

“Yes,	sir,”	I	responded,	but	I	felt	exposed,	vulnerable.	Then	I	remembered,	I didn’t	have	to	feel	like	that	with	him.	I	was	supposed	to	give	him	those	things.	I let	my	head	rest	on	the	bed,	still	blindfolded,	and	waited.

His	hand	explored	my	bottom;	his	fingers	dipped	along	the	edges	but	didn’t

invade.	“Now,	if	you’re	very	good	and	don’t	move,	Steph,	I’ll	take	these	off	of you	and	let	you	feel	my	tongue	on	you.	But	if	you	move,	they	stay	on,	and	it’s only	my	fingers	you’ll	feel.	Over	the	panties.”

“Yes,	sir,”	I	repeated,	and	I	knew	I	was	screwed.	How	could	I	stay	still	like

this?

“I	can	smell	you	through	your	panties,	Steph,	feel	how	wet	you	are.	My	cock would	 slide	 into	 you	 so	 well	 right	 now.	 I	 bet	 it	 wouldn’t	 even	 hurt	 a	 little	 bit, despite	your	virginity.”	His	fingers	slid	down	my	bottom,	along	the	edge	of	leg, until	he	found	the	wet	center	he	so	eloquently	spoke	of.	“I’ve	not	had	a	virgin	for a	long	time.	I	have	to	admit,	it	is	appealing	to	know	you’ve	never	had	a	man’s fingers	on	your	clit	before,	or	sliding	through	your	wet	folds.”

“Is	it,	sir?”	I	could	barely	breathe	as	I	waited	for	his	touch,	but	he’d	stopped, just	 hovered	 over	 the	 round	 fullness	 between	 my	 thighs,	 the	 mound	 that	 his fingers	would	soon	be	in,	if	I	was	a	good	girl.

“It	is,	Steph.	So	sweet	to	know	you’re	untouched.”	His	fingers	 pressed	 into me	 then,	 a	 soft	 pressure,	 but	 enough	 to	 tease	 that	 ache	 above	 his	 fingers.	 They spread	out	then	as	I	moaned	softly,	until	he	pressed	into	the	spot.

His	 fingers	 danced	 on	 me	 until	 I	 couldn’t	 breathe,	 and	 my	 hips	 wanted	 to move.	I	had	to	concentrate	so	hard	on	that,	to	not	move,	while	he	made	me	want to	writhe	with	abandon.	It	was	so	unfair,	but	I	did	my	best.

Until	 his	 other	 hand	 dipped	 under	 me	 to	 tease	 a	 nipple.	 My	 hips	 twitched, and	his	hand	stopped,	but	then	pulled	my	panties	up	tight,	until	the	front	pressed against	my	clit.	Something	had	built	inside	of	me,	a	pressure	that	was	about	to go	off	when	he	did	that,	and	I	gave	a	cry	of	protest.	“Don’t	move,	Steph.”

“But…,”

“No.	Do	not	move.”	He	punctuated	it	by	pulling	the	panties	tighter.	That	only made	the	ache	worse.	“Concentrate,	breathe.”

“I	just	want	to	come.”	I’d	never	said	that	before,	not	out	loud.

“I	know	you	do.	But	you	can	come	when	I	say	you	can,	Steph,	not	before.”

This	time	his	punctuation	was	a	slap	right	against	my	center,	and	fuck,	it	felt	so good.	“Oh!”

“More?”	he	asked,	his	voice	on	alert.

“I	 liked	 that,	 sir.	 May	 I	 have	 another?”	 I	 didn’t	 care	 what	 I	 sounded	 like;	 I wanted	to	feel	that	again.

His	slap	against	my	private	was	more	forceful	this	time,	mainly	his	fingers, but	it	felt	so	good	I	could	barely	control	myself.	I	examined	it	as	he	waited	for

my	 response,	 surprised	 at	 myself.	 I	 wanted	 to	 try	 this	 out,	 but	 I	 wasn’t	 sure	 I totally	understood	it.	I’d	never	been	the	kind	who	thought	hitting	was	something a	man	should	do	to	a	woman,	but	in	this	instance?	It	made	me	melt.

“Another…”	 I	 didn’t	 realize	 my	 plea	 was	 a	 demand	 until	 I’d	 said,	 but	 he didn’t	point	it	out	either.

This	time,	his	palm	caught	my	mound,	his	fingers	the	back	of	my	thigh.	Not

as	good,	but	nice.	“I	prefer	your	fingers.”

“Good	girl,	don’t	be	afraid	to	say	what	you	like.	To	ask	for	it.	But	no	more demands.”	He	smacked	my	folds	harder,	and	it	didn’t	feel	like	punishment	at	all.

It	felt	like	heaven.

I	 wanted	 to	 squirm	 like	 a	 happy	 puppy,	 but	 I	 kept	 myself	 still.	 My	 hands were	knotted	on	the	white,	lightly	scented	duvet	that	smelled	clean	and	fresh,	but I	didn’t	move.	“More,	please,	sir.	Please,	make	me	come.”

“Very	 good,	 Steph,	 very	 good.”	 His	 other	 hand	 still	 had	 my	 panties	 in	 a bunch,	and	I	groaned	when	his	tongue	found	my	clit.

“Fuck…”	I	couldn’t	help	it,	the	word	came	out	as	his	tongue	licked	over	me

just	before	his	lips	sucked	the	small	nub	with	a	force	I	couldn’t	fight	against.

His	 fingers	 didn’t	 stop	 moving,	 and	 one	 hand	 went	 back	 to	 a	 nipple,	 while the	other	hand	did	something	else.	He	slid	it	along	my	nether	lips	until	he	could clamp	them	between	his	fingers.	He	pressed	them	into	the	folds,	and	I	wanted	to squirm	at	it	all.

I	wanted	to	beg	him	to	fuck	me,	but	I	was	saving	that.	For	a	special	moment, for	 the	 point	 when	 I	 knew	 it	 was	 completely	 right,	 and	 not	 just	 a	 newly discovered	 need.	 I	 imagined	 him	 behind	 me,	 pounding	 into	 me,	 a	 thick	 cock between	my	slick	pink	skin,	and	the	world	exploded.

“Sir…”	I	cried	out	into	the	air,	my	hips	pushed	down	into	his	fingers,	and	my back	 arched,	 but	 I	 didn’t	 twitch,	 not	 yet.	 I	 fought	 to	 remain	 still,	 to	 be	 a	 good girl,	but	I’d	lost	the	moment	the	orgasm	struck	me.

“You	 may	 move	 now,	 Steph.”	 He	 released	 me,	 and	 I	 cried	 out	 again,	 while my	hips	moved	against	his	hand,	and	my	back	arched	tighter.	“Feel	it	Steph,	let	it take	you	away.”

“I,	oh	fuck,	I	can’t…”

“You	can	let	go.	You	can	move.	You	can	do	whatever	you	want.”	Then	his fingers	 pressed	 harder,	 insistently,	 until	 the	 world	 spun	 away	 again,	 into	 this explosion	of	muscles	and	pleasure	that	I	couldn’t	say	no	to.

In	 that	 instant,	 I	 was	 an	 addict	 who	 never	 wanted	 their	 high	 to	 end.	 No wonder	 people	 sought	 it	 out,	 and	 this	 was	 only	 my	 first	 orgasm	 with	 another person	involved.	What	would	sex	be	like?	Could	it	beat	this?

His	tongue	swiped	at	me,	until	it	became	unbearable,	but	he	wouldn’t	move

away.	 His	 hand	 planted	 down	 in	 the	 center	 of	 my	 back,	 and	 I	 knew	 this	 was	 a new	lesson.	Let	him	take	control,	or	we’d	end	this.

Who	could	say	no	to	a	good	tongue-lashing?





11

DYLAN

I was	 enthralled	 by	 Stephanie.	 Despite	 her	 inexperience,	 she

maintained	 her	 control	 very	 well,	 and	 I	 knew	 this	 must	 have	 been	 a daily	 occurrence	 for	 her.	 Not	 the	 sexy	 part,	 that	 was	 definitely	 new,	 but	 the maintain	control	part	wasn’t.	My	girl	was	very	familiar	with	that.

I	was	impressed,	as	I	had	been	from	the	moment	I	saw	her.	She	gave	in	easily to	her	desire	to	be	pleased,	but	she	tempered	that	with	a	stringent	control.	I	had the	 delightful	 job	 of	 breaking	 that	 control,	 though	 I	 asked	 for	 it.	 Perhaps confusing	 to	 some,	 but	 if	 you’ve	 never	 seen	 someone	 like	 Stephanie	 let	 go	 of that	stranglehold	on	their	control	then	you	wouldn't	understand.	It	was	a	paradox, but	one	that	made	sense	to	me.

“Roll	over,	sweetheart.”	I	ran	a	tender	hand	down	her	back,	to	soothe	her	and let	her	know	she	was	safe.

“Thank	you,”	she	said,	out	of	breath	but	happy.

“It	 was	 my	 pleasure,	 Stephanie.	 Drink	 some	 of	 your	 water.	 You	 need	 to hydrate.”	 It	 was	 consideration	 more	 than	 anything.	 Her	 skin	 had	 a	 light	 sheen from	her	exertions,	and	she	needed	to	replace	the	moisture	she’d	lost.

She	 reached	 for	 her	 bottle	 of	 water	 and	 took	 several	 long	 swallows.	 I watched	her	throat	work	and	knew	where	we	were	headed	next.	When	she	was

ready.

I	didn’t	just	want	her	on	her	knees	to	suck	me	off	and	leave,	as	she’d	said, but	the	image	of	her	in	that	position	did	make	me	throb,	and	I	wanted	it.

I’d	let	her	rest,	then	I'd	work	her	up	to	it.

I	watched	her	for	a	while,	until	her	chest	was	calm	and	her	eyes	opened.	I	sat on	the	edge	of	the	bed,	patiently	waiting	for	her	to	be	aware	once	again.	When	it was	 clear	 she’d	 calmed	 from	 her	 exertions,	 I	 moved	 down	 to	 place	 a	 hand	 to each	side	of	her	head.	Her	arms	came	up	to	wrap	around	my	neck,	the	silk	a	soft tickle	against	my	ear,	and	she	held	me	close	as	our	bodies	melted	together.	Her warm	 softness	 blended	 with	 mine	 everywhere	 our	 bodies	 touched,	 and	 I	 felt	 a burning	need	throb	through	my	cock.	She	opened	her	mouth	to	ask	for	more,	to say	she	was	tired?	I	didn’t	know	because	I	bent	down	to	lick	at	her	lips	before	I kissed	her	for	a	long	moment.	She	nipped	at	mine	in	return	and	began	to	explore my	mouth,	confident	in	herself	now,	ready	to	explore	me,	to	pleasure	me.	It	was a	 relief	 when	 she	 smiled	 seductively	 at	 me.	 I	 allowed	 her	 the	 moment,	 the touches,	then	slid	down	beside	her	so	she	could	explore	more	easily.

“Is	it	wrong	to	do	this?	Should	I	wait	for	you	to	order	me	to	do	something?”

Stephanie	pulled	away	to	ask.

“No,	 not	 at	 all,”	 I	 said	 lazily,	 and	 I	 looked	 at	 her	 with	 eyes	 that	 smoldered with	 desire.	 I’d	 given	 that	 look	 to	 more	 than	 one	 woman	 and	 watched	 her inhibitions	melt,	so	I	knew	it	worked.

“Thank	you,	sir.”	She	boldly	bent	to	kiss	my	neck,	and	her	lips	slid	along	my shoulder,	pushing	black	silk	out	of	the	way.

She	 undid	 the	 buttons	 slowly,	 her	 lips	 following	 along	 as	 she	 did	 so.	 She bared	 my	 chest,	 smooth	 and	 hard,	 with	 a	 few	 tattoos	 I	 no	 longer	 paid	 any attention	to.	One	was	a	skull	that	I’d	had	done	when	I	was	a	teenager	and	full	of anger.	 Another,	 a	 slash	 down	 my	 right	 side,	 was	 a	 black	 panther	 stretched	 out along	 the	 slim	 expanse.	 Yet	 another,	 on	 my	 left	 pec,	 was	 a	 revolver,	 another stupid	choice	of	a	teenager.	I’d	have	them	covered	when	I	could	be	bothered.

Stephanie	 didn’t	 linger	 over	 them.	 She	 wanted	 to	 feel	 the	 rest	 of	 me	 too much	 and	 continued	 to	 explore	 me	 with	 her	 hands.	 I	 hissed	 in	 a	 breath	 as	 her hands	smoothed	over	my	chest	and	down	to	the	edge	of	my	pajama	bottoms.

“Slow	 down,	 Steph.	 Learn	 my	 body	 first.”	 I	 guided	 her	 hand	 up	 to	 my abdomen,	where	more	hard	lines	met	her	fingertips.	“We	have	a	long	night	ahead of	us;	don’t	get	in	too	much	of	a	rush.”

She	looked	as	if	she	wanted	to	protest,	so	I	moved.	I	straddled	her	to	kiss	her

again,	my	forearms	on	each	side	of	her	head	so	that	my	fingers	could	tease	at	her forehead.	 Her	 lips	 were	 used	 to	 mine	 now,	 and	 she	 welcomed	 my	 tongue	 by opening	 her	 mouth	 to	 my	 exploration.	 I	 took	 my	 time,	 but	 I	 reminded	 her	 of what	I	needed	when	I	pressed	my	hips	into	her	soft	stomach.

Stephanie	pushed	into	me	and	made	a	sound	in	the	back	of	her	throat.	“Was

that	a	protest?”

“I	want	to	feel	you	pressed	into	me,”	she	said	without	hesitation.	My	kitten was	already	turning	into	a	she-lion.

I	nudged	her	legs	apart	and	gave	her	what	she	asked	for.	I	could	feel	her	wet heat	 through	 the	 thin	 material	 of	 the	 pants,	 and	 I	 sighed	 deeply	 as	 I	 kissed	 the spot	beneath	her	ear.	“You’re	so	hot,	Stephanie.	So	wet	for	me.”

Her	 head	 moved,	 lost,	 until	 she	 found	 my	 neck	 and	 kissed	 it.	 I	 brought	 her hands	up	over	her	head	and	shortened	her	reach.

A	sound	of	protest	again,	and	I	ran	a	finger	down	her	neck,	to	the	tight	peak on	 her	 left	 breast.	 “Only	 for	 a	 little	 while,	 my	 darling.	 Then	 you	 can	 touch	 me again.”	 I	 knew	 her	 nightgown	 was	 bunched	 up	 at	 her	 hips,	 her	 panties	 still exposed	but	so	wet	from	her	excitement.	I	would	look,	but	I	was	busy,	my	lips on	hers.

She	kissed	me	in	a	way	that	spoke	of	need	now,	not	just	curiosity.	She	knew for	certain	what	she	could	attain	and	wanted	it	again.	She	lay	exposed	to	me,	but I	didn’t	look;	I	was	too	captivated	with	her	mouth	still.

“Are	you	going	to	fuck	me?”	she	asked	me	when	I	pulled	back	to	give	her

room	to	breathe.

“You	put	it	in	the	contract,	Stephanie.	I’m	sorry,	I	can’t.”	That	contract	meant very	 little	 legally,	 and	 we	 could	 break	 whatever	 rule	 we’d	 put	 in	 place,	 if	 we decided	to	do	that	together,	but	I	wanted	to	tease	her	a	little	more.

“Oh.”	It	was	a	sad	little	‘oh’,	and	I	had	to	hide	a	smile.

Her	desire	was	growing,	I	could	feel	it	in	the	heat	she	encased	me	in	between her	thighs,	and	I’d	barely	even	touched	her.	Memories	must	be	flashing	through her	mind.

I	felt	her	take	a	shaky	breath	as	my	lips	explored	her	hairline,	and	she	pulled her	head	away.	I	allowed	her	the	insubordination	when	I	felt	her	lips	just	below

my	ear,	and	then	her	tongue	darted	out	to	taste	my	skin.	She	wanted	to	explore me	again.

“Are	you	sure	you	can’t	fuck	me?”	Her	question	came	out	soft,	almost	afraid.

Did	she	think	her	question	would	break	the	spell?	Make	me	leave	her?	I	didn’t know,	but	I	wasn’t	about	to	leave,	not	with	my	cock	so	hard	for	her.

“I	 can’t,	 Stephanie.	 Not	 now.	 You’ll	 have	 to	 make	 do	 with	 what’s	 in	 the contract.”

“Alright,”	 she	 said	 and	 sighed,	 her	 head	 back	 down	 on	 the	 pillow	 again.

“That	was	stupid	of	me.	I	didn’t	realize	how	good	you	were.	Roxie	told	me	you had	 a	 reputation	 as	 someone	 hard	 to	 please,	 but	 who	 could	 get	 the	 job	 done.	 I didn’t	know	how	right	she	was.”

“I’m	not	sure	what	the	ladies	around	here	might	have	to	say,	but	I	know	what I	 like.	 And	 how	 to	 please	 a	 woman.”	 My	 fingers	 brushed	 down	 her	 neck	 then back	up	to	tease	her.

I	decided	then	to	give	her	another	round	of	what	she	had	been	missing	in	her life.	 I	 could	 wait	 a	 little	 while	 longer.	 She	 was	 all	 but	 breathless	 as	 my	 lips danced	slowly	over	her	neck	to	a	spot	toward	the	back	that	I	wanted	to	explore.

She	 held	 her	 breath	 as	 I	 kissed	 the	 spot	 until	 I	 nipped	 at	 it	 with	 my	 teeth	 and began	to	suck.	The	air	exploded	from	her	lungs,	and	her	knees	came	up	to	clamp me	between	her	thighs.

“Sir!”	Her	cry	was	a	tease,	a	whisper	that	made	me	throb	all	over	again.	Yes, it	said,	I	like	that	spot.

I	sucked	at	it	and	ground	into	her	heat,	and	I	almost	chuckled	when	I	heard the	silk	rasp	along	the	rails	of	the	headboard.	She	wanted	to	move,	but	her	body was	hampered.	It	must	have	been	hitting	home	that	I	could	do	anything	I	wanted to	her	now,	that	she’d	beg	me	to	do	it,	if	only	she	knew	exactly	what	it	was	she wanted.

I	 was	 a	 stranger	 to	 her,	 a	 man	 she’d	 met	 only	 hours	 before,	 but	 already	 I’d done	 far	 more	 than	 any	 other	 man	 had	 ever	 done.	 I’d	 shown	 her	 passion,	 the fulfillment	 of	 that	 passion,	 and	 how	 to	 want	 a	 man	 all	 over	 again	 when	 she thought	she	was	done.	I	groaned	with	pleasure	when	she	pushed	herself	into	me, into	the	hardness	of	my	cock,	into	the	sucking	of	my	lips	on	her	neck,	and	into

the	 cup	 of	 my	 palm	 where	 one	 hand	 now	 cupped	 her	 breast.	 I	 tweaked	 her nipple,	 and	 she	 almost	 twitched	 away	 from	 me	 then.	 I	 pushed	 the	 top	 of	 her gown	 down,	 just	 enough	 to	 expose	 a	 pretty	 pink	 nipple,	 rosy	 with	 desire	 now that	it	was	a	tight	bud.	I	scraped	my	tongue	over	it	and	drank	in	the	sound	of	her groan	with	growing	excitement.

“Sir,	please.	Don’t	stop.”	She	wanted	more,	and	I	was	more	than	willing	to

give	it	to	her.

Her	skin	was	silky	soft,	scented	gently	with	orange	blossoms.	She	was	pale, which	 told	 me	 she	 didn’t	 often	 go	 out	 in	 the	 sun.	 She	 wasn’t	 one	 for	 tanning beds,	either,	and	I	had	to	admit,	that	look	had	started	to	turn	me	off	quite	a	few years	ago.	I	breathed	over	the	bud	for	a	moment,	scraped	at	it	with	my	smooth chin,	 and	 finally,	 when	 her	 hips	 started	 to	 buck	 against	 mine,	 I	 took	 her	 nipple into	 my	 mouth	 and	 sucked	 at	 it	 with	 tight	 pressure.	 Her	 legs	 wrapped	 tightly around	 my	 hips,	 and	 I	 pushed	 myself	 down	 into	 her	 as	 a	 pang	 of	 pleasure	 tore through	me.

She	tasted	so	good,	she	felt	so	good,	and	for	a	moment	my	control	slipped	as I	 sucked	 at	 her	 nipple	 with	 glee.	 I	 felt	 her	 hands	 dance	 along	 my	 body,	 and	 I knew	 those	 touches	 were	 meant	 to	 urge	 me	 into	 action,	 into	 doing	 what	 she’d asked	me	not	to	do.

She	pushed	at	the	soft	fabric	of	my	pants,	but	I	grabbed	at	her	hand	to	make her	 stop.	 She	 gave	 a	 growl	 of	 frustration	 when	 I	 held	 her	 hand	 still	 and	 would not	budge.

“You	said	you	didn’t	want	me	to	fuck	you,	Steph.	Stop	it.”	I	was	teasing	us both	now.	I’d	fuck	her	if	I	damned	well	felt	like	it,	now	that	I	knew	she	wanted it,	but	it	was	so	fun	to	tell	her	no,	to	make	her	regret	her	own	demands.

“But,	Mr.	Dark.”	She	breathed	the	words,	and	I	could	hear	her	desperation.

“No.	You	said	no.	You	get	this	and	nothing	else.”

I	pressed	my	fingers	between	us	to	the	slip	of	her	underwear	and	found	her

clit	 quickly.	 “You	 can	 have	 my	 fingers	 on	 you,	 but	 not	 inside	 of	 you.	 You	 can even	feel	this.”

I	paused	to	pull	away,	expose	my	cock,	and	slide	it	along	her	slit	before	I	let the	fabric	go	and	spoke	again.	“But	you	can’t	feel	it	inside	of	you.”

My	fingers	went	back	to	her	clit	and	pressed	into	her,	just	right.	“This	is	all you	get,	princess.”

I	slid	two	fingers	down	her	folds	and	let	my	palm	take	over	on	her	clit.	She thrust	up	to	meet	the	pressure,	her	body	on	fire	all	over	again.

I	pressed	the	length	of	my	fingers	against	her	and	ground	my	palm	down	in

time	 to	 the	 suction	 of	 my	 lips	 on	 her	 nipple.	 I	 let	 her	 move	 this	 time,	 and	 my enjoyment	 of	 her	 sensual	 slither	 almost	 undid	 me,	 but	 I	 held	 on.	 I	 pressed	 and sucked	 until	 I	 felt	 her	 go	 tense,	 and	 her	 back	 arched.	 A	 sound	 tore	 from	 her throat,	and	I	held	on	to	her,	lost	in	her	beauty	as	she	came	again.

She	didn’t	just	lay	there	this	time,	though;	she	moved	against	her	bonds.	“Let me	please	you.	Please,	sir,	let	me	get	you	off.”

“And	 where	 did	 you	 learn	 such	 language,	 my	 pretty?”	 I	 asked,	 but	 I	 didn’t care.	I	was	too	busy	releasing	her	hands	and	tying	them	in	front	of	her	to	care.

“I	watched	videos,	sir,	a	lot	of	them.”	I	heard	her	say,	eager	now	to	feel	relief from	the	pressure	in	my	cock	and	balls.

I	stood	and	pulled	at	her	until	she	moved	down	to	her	knees.	I’d	wanted	it, pictured	it,	and	now,	I	had	to	have	it.	“Well,	then	you	know	what	I	want,	don’t you?”

“I	 admit,	 sir,	 I	 thought	 this	 was	 degrading	 in	 those	 videos,	 but	 I	 want	 it.	 I want	your	cock	in	my	mouth.”	She	moved	her	head	around,	as	if	she	sought	the member	out.

“This	 you	 mean?”	 I	 took	 my	 cock	 in	 my	 hand	 and	 let	 it	 slap	 gently	 at	 the right	 side	 of	 her	 face.	 She	 didn’t	 answer	 verbally.	 Instead,	 she	 took	 my	 cock between	her	lips	eagerly,	and	I	nearly	came	right	then.

Her	 technique	 was	 naïve,	 but	 she	 caught	 on	 when	 I	 held	 my	 hand	 to	 her head.	She	moved	on	me	at	first,	her	hands	between	us	to	grip	at	my	shaft.	When she	 moved	 her	 hands	 and	 started	 to	 take	 more	 of	 me	 in	 her	 mouth,	 when	 she started	to	suck	instead	of	just	moving	up	and	down,	I	began	to	thrust	my	hips.	I’d lost	my	control	then,	and	she	might	not	realize	it	yet,	but	my	sub	was	the	master in	that	moment.

“Stephanie…”	I	ground	out	her	name,	my	jaw	clenched	as	I	reached	for	that

moment.	 I	 needed	 to	 come.	 I’d	 pleasured	 her,	 fantasized	 about	 her,	 and	 now,	 I

needed	relief.	“Make	me	come,	baby,	make	me	come.”

Her	 sweet	 lips,	 so	 unpracticed	 but	 still	 so	 good,	 gripped	 at	 my	 cock,	 and when	she	purred	in	happiness,	I	felt	my	knees	go	weak.	Orgasm	hit	me,	and	she didn’t	pull	away	even	when	I	tried	to	pull	at	her	face.	She	swallowed	every	drop of	me,	like	a	good	girl,	and	I	let	her	have	her	way.





12

EMILY

T he	soft	buzz	of	my	phone	was	an	insistent	noise	I	couldn’t	ignore	any

longer,	and	I	opened	my	eyes.	He	was	asleep	behind	me,	and	I	smiled,

secretly	 pleased	 that	 he’d	 stayed	 with	 me	 through	 the	 night.	 I	 reached	 for	 my phone,	pushed	the	mask	away,	and	slid	from	the	bed.	I	headed	to	the	bathroom and	looked	at	the	messages	that	had	kept	my	phone	buzzing	for	so	long.

Trent	wanted	me	to	watch	the	kids;	their	sitter	was	sick.	Mason	wanted	me	to come	watch	his	too,	because	they	hadn’t	found	a	sitter	yet.	Kevin	wanted	me	to know	that	Ember	was	going	on	tour	again,	and	would	take	her	daughter	with	her.

Well,	two	out	of	three	wasn’t	bad.

I	found	the	nightgown	from	the	night	before	and	slipped	from	the	room	after I	wrote	a	note	on	the	pad	on	the	bedside	table.

Thank	 you	 for	 a	 wonderful	 night.	 Let	 Roxie	 know	 when	 you	 want	 night number	two.	I	look	forward	to	it.	-S

I	didn’t	know	what	else	to	say,	so	I	left	it	at	that	and	went	to	the	room	where my	clothes	had	been	left	for	me.	I	was	in	a	rush	to	get	home	to	my	huge	bathtub and	 memories	 of	 the	 night	 before.	 I	 didn’t	 think	 he’d	 be	 the	 kind	 for	 morning-afters,	so	I’d	left	him	to	it.

My	 virginity	 was	 intact,	 but	 barely,	 I	 thought	 with	 a	 smile.	 He	 hadn’t	 even taken	 my	 clothes	 off,	 yet	 he’d	 managed	 to	 get	 me	 off	 in	 so	 many	 ways.	 For	 a minute,	I	almost	turned	the	car	around	and	went	back.	We	hadn’t	agreed	to	three days	straight,	or	three	off	and	on;	either	way,	I	didn’t	have	a	toothbrush	there,	but if	he	wanted	me	to	come	back,	I	would.	After	I’d	had	a	bath	and	cleaned	up	first.

I	noticed	light	bruises	on	my	neck	when	I	glanced	in	the	mirror	after	I	took my	clothes	off.	I	smiled,	happy	because	I	knew	how	they	got	there.	They	weren’t from	violence,	far	from	it.

That	made	me	hum	as	I	slid	into	the	bath	filled	with	hot	water	and	bubbles.

Violence	 wasn’t	 something	 I	 was	 normally	 attracted	 to.	 But	 when	 I	 thought about	how	he’d	softly	slapped	me	down	there	with	care	to	hit	just	the	right	spot, with	sweet	care,	I	felt	desire	burn	through	me.	I	imagined	how	it	would	feel	to have	that	same	swift	slap	on	my	bottom	and	squirmed	in	the	tub.

“God,	 it’s	 just	 too	 much,”	 I	 said	 out	 loud	 to	 nobody.	 That	 made	 me	 laugh, and	I	submerged	myself.

“But	 what	 if	 he	 wants	 some	 of	 that	 other	 kind?	 Well,	 no,	 he	 said	 he	 didn’t like	blood,	and	those	videos	I’ve	seen	of	women	with	dark	purple	bruises	were surely	something	he	steers	clear	of?”	I	remembered	how	he’d	touched	me	with gentle	pressure,	always	gentle.

No,	 Mr.	 Dark	 was	 a	 dominant,	 I	 couldn’t	 doubt	 that,	 but	 he	 wasn’t	 violent.

Some	light	slaps,	a	growl	or	two,	maybe	more	if	we	really	got	into	it,	but	I	didn’t think	he’d	do	anything	that	would	really	hurt	me.	And	it	was	only	for	three	days, so	we	didn’t	have	very	long	to	delve	down	the	rabbit	hole,	did	we?

I	got	a	text	from	Roxie	a	few	hours	later,	so	I	called	her.	“Hey,	girl,	how	are you?”

“I’m	good.	More	importantly,	how	are	you?”	She	sounded	cautious,	like	she

was	walking	on	eggshells.

“I’m	 really	 good.	 Fabulous,	 in	 fact.”	 I	 laughed	 and	 went	 to	 the	 window	 by the	kitchen	sink	to	look	out	at	the	world	coming	to	life.	“It’s	a	beautiful	Saturday morning,	and	all	is	well.”

“Did	 you	 …	 I	 mean,	 did	 he	 stay	 within	 the	 terms?”	 I	 couldn’t	 believe	 she was	being	so	bashful,	but	I	appreciated	the	fact	that	she	was	being	considerate	of my	sensibilities.

“You	mean	did	he	fuck	me?	No,	it’s	part	of	the	contract.	But	I	did	ask	him

to.”	I	sighed	then,	a	little	sad	but	also	pleased.	He	was	a	man	of	his	word,	and	it also	made	it	a	little	hot.	I	had	wanted	it,	but	he	wouldn’t	give	it	to	me.

“Well,	what	the	hell?	Did	you,	you	know?	At	all?”	Still	cautious,	respectful.

“Get	off?”	I	asked	bluntly,	and	I	wanted	to	laugh	when	she	giggled.	We	were grown	women	who	could	barely	talk	about	sex.	It	was	almost	funny.

“Yes!	Did	you?”	Excitement	entered	her	voice	now,	and	I	wanted	to	jump	up

and	down	like	a	schoolgirl.

“So	many	times!”	I	said	with	a	lot	of	feeling.	“It	was	so	good,	Roxie.	I	can’t believe	I’ve	missed	out	on	that	for	so	long	now!”

“Well,	 you	 don’t	 have	 to	 do	 without	 it	 anymore.	 He	 has	 an	 appointment tonight,	but	he’s	asked	when	you’ll	be	free	again.”	Roxie	sounded	like	she	was pleased	with	herself,	and	I	couldn’t	help	but	smile.

“Thank	you	for	this.	I	was	hoping	to	see	him	tonight,	but	if	he’s	busy,	I	can wait.	Um,	will	he	call	you	when	he’s	ready?”	I	didn’t	know	how	this	worked.	We hadn’t	exchanged	contact	details,	and	I	didn’t	want	to	look	desperate.

“Yeah,	he’ll	call	me.	Look,	go	relax,	if	you	aren’t	already,	and	have	an	easy day.	Sex	can	take	a	lot	out	of	you,	so	get	some	peace	for	a	little	while.”	Roxie sounded	 like	 she	 wanted	 to	 say	 more,	 but	 someone	 called	 out	 that	 she	 was needed,	and	we	hung	up	after	a	short	goodbye.

I	almost	wished	I’d	stayed	now.	I	didn’t	know	he	had	an	appointment	tonight or	 I	 would	 have.	 Another	 chance	 to	 get	 him	 to	 try	 to	 break	 the	 rules.	 I	 was quickly	learning	that	this	wasn’t	a	situation	where	I	had	no	control.	I	had	all	of	it, to	a	degree.

I	felt	empowered,	far	more	than	I’d	ever	been	before,	and	as	if	I	was	the	one who	held	all	the	reins.	Mr.	Dark	might	lead	us	both,	he	might	have	the	final	say, but	it	was	what	I	did,	how	I	acted,	and	what	I	said	that	really	mattered.

It	 had	 been	 a	 night	 of	 discovery	 and	 wonder.	 Maybe	 that	 was	 cliché,	 but	 it was	true.	I’d	learned	so	much	from	him,	and	I	wanted	to	have	it	all	over	again.

I	did	wish	I’d	picked	something	closer	to	my	real	name,	though.	It	had	been odd	 to	 hear	 him	 call	 me	 Stephanie.	 Maybe	 I	 should	 have	 picked	 Emma,	 or something	like	that,	something	that	wouldn’t	sound	so	…	different.	I’d	decided on	Stephanie	so	he	wouldn’t	know	my	real	name.	I	wasn’t	ashamed	of	what	I’d done,	but	I	didn’t	want	to	bring	shame	to	my	family.

If	people	found	out	that	Emily	Thompson	was	working	at	a	gentlemen's	club

and	had	sold	her	evenings	to	a	stranger,	then	life	as	we	knew	it	would	be	over.

We’d	be	shunned	from	the	circles	that	had	always	looked	to	us	for	leadership.	I’d be	laughed	at,	mocked,	and	probably	kicked	out	of	every	charity	I	took	part	in.

Roxie	hadn’t	been,	but	she	came	into	the	one	we	worked	together	on	with	her background	 in	 the	 open.	 I	 was	 supposed	 to	 marry	 someone	 nice	 and	 quiet, deferential	to	my	brothers	and	father,	who	would	give	me	babies	to	carry	on	the Thompson	traditions,	even	if	they	weren’t	Thompsons	by	name.

Anger	surged	through	me	for	a	moment.	I	hated	my	family	sometimes.	Not

necessarily	the	people,	but	what	we	stood	for,	the	constraints	placed	upon	us	by our	name.	I’d	heard,	“you’re	a	Thompson,	act	like	it”	so	many	times	while	I’d been	growing	up	that	I	didn’t	know	what	it	was	like	to	not	act	like	a	Thompson.

Except,	I	never	really	had.

I	was	what	the	Thompson	males	wanted	me	to	be.	But	now,	with	Mr.	Dark,	I

could	 be	 exactly	 what	 I	 wanted	 to	 be,	 while	 at	 the	 same	 time,	 I	 could	 still	 be what	my	nature	made	me	…	a	sub.	I	wondered	then	if	Stephanie	had	become	a

new	persona	for	me.	She	was	almost	real,	almost	something	…	other.

She	 took	 what	 she	 wanted,	 now	 that	 she	 knew	 what	 it	 was,	 and	 she’d	 sat there	 on	 her	 knees	 to	 suck	 that	 delicious	 dick	 like	 she’d	 been	 born	 to	 do	 it.	 I knew	 I	 was	 no	 expert,	 but	 he’d	 got	 off,	 and	 that	 was	 all	 the	 skill	 I’d	 needed, right?	Well,	to	make	it	nice	would	take	practice,	but	he’d	reached	the	goal	point anyway.

I	 didn’t	 feel	 bad	 about	 it.	 It	 felt	 erotically	 dirty	 actually,	 naughty,	 to	 think about	the	memory.	I’d	loved	it	when	his	tongue	had	been	on	me.	I’d	loved	how he’d	touched	me,	but	I’d	adored	it	when	he	put	me	on	my	knees.	I	might	have said	that	wasn’t	all	I	wanted	to	do,	but	he’d	noticed	that	I’d	said	it	and	realized I’d	 wanted	 my	 own	 pleasure,	 but	 I	 really	 did	 want	 to	 do	 that	 with	 a	 man.	 And he’d	given	me	that	experience.

I	wondered	how	many	women	knew	you	could	get	off	without	being	naked?

My	cheeks	turned	red,	but	I	grinned	anyway.	He’d	touched	me	with	such	strong, sure	hands,	even	a	little	roughly	a	few	times,	and	I’d	loved	it.

I	guess	we’d	have	to	explore	later,	find	out	what	it	was	I	really	liked.	I	kind of	wanted	him	to	try	a	whip	on	me,	but	not	like,	make	me	scream	from	pain	and fear	whip	me.	A	nice	sensual	sting	of	pain.

I	wanted	more	than	that.	I	wanted	to	be	a	mess	of	begging	need	for	relief,	but I	 knew	 that	 would	 take	 time,	 and	 I	 didn’t	 think	 a	 few	 hours	 in	 the	 night	 was enough.	Like	my	virginity,	the	point	where	we	could	engage	in	a	long	night	of trusting	BDSM	was	for	the	future.	If	he’d	wanted	one.

He’d	 said	 he	 was	 a	 three-day	 kind	 of	 man,	 though.	 I	 wondered	 if	 I’d	 give him	 my	 virginity	 then.	 He’d	 be	 gone	 after	 that,	 and	 I’d	 go	 back	 to	 my	 normal life,	to	pretend	I	was	a	daddy’s	girl	still.	Would	I	want	to	give	that	to	him	if	he was	only	going	to	leave	me?

I	wasn’t	sure,	even	if	I’d	been	certain	last	night.	I	was	really	impressed	that he’d	told	me	no,	but	it	was	an	example	of	supreme	control	that	he	had.	Not	many men	would	have	been	able	to	say	no	when	a	woman	was	begging	for	their	dick,	I thought	with	a	giggle.

“Fuucccck!”	I	droned	out.	“What	am	I	going	to	do	all	day?”

I	had	nothing	to	do,	at	all,	and	so	I	decided	to	head	out	to	the	Boardwalk	and see	what	was	happening	out	there.	I	soon	found	myself	lost	in	a	horde	of	tourists, all	of	them	trying	to	take	in	the	sights.	I	hated	vacations	like	that,	where	you	had to	cram	everything	into	two	days,	and	you’d	go	home	exhausted.

That	was	why	I	hadn’t	gone	to	Italy	yet,	even	though	I’d	wanted	to.	I	wanted to	 go	 when	 I	 had	 months	 to	 travel	 around,	 to	 slowly	 take	 in	 the	 sights	 and scenery.	 My	 family	 hadn’t	 given	 me	 that	 time.	 Even	 now,	 two	 of	 my	 brothers still	didn’t	quite	get	that	I	wasn’t	the	family	doormat	anymore.

Luckily,	my	parents	had	left	me	alone,	but	they	were	still	away.	That	might change	 when	 they	 came	 home.	 I’d	 hoped	 not,	 it	 was	 hard	 enough	 to	 be	 upset with	my	brothers.	I	heard	my	phone	buzz,	saw	it	was	Mason	again,	and	turned my	phone	off.	They	had	to	learn	to	respect	that	I	wasn’t	going	to	be	at	their	beck and	call	anymore.

I’d	miss	a	call	from	Roxie,	if	I	left	the	phone	off,	but	I	knew	she’d	be	getting ready	to	perform	and	then	spend	her	evening	with	Freddy.	He’d	been	cuter	than I’d	thought	he’d	be,	and	I	could	see	why	she	liked	him	now.	The	way	his	huge hand	 had	 wrapped	 around	 her	 bottom	 had	 made	 something	 like	 jealousy	 prick between	my	shoulders.	I	wanted	that	one	day,	that	intimacy,	that	possessiveness that	 let	 you	 both	 be	 comfortable	 with	 such	 an	 intimate	 touch	 as	 an	 open

declaration.

I	found	myself	at	a	clothing	store	and	went	in	to	look	around.	I	bought	a	few bikinis,	 a	 couple	 sun	 dresses,	 and	 an	 umbrella	 for	 the	 beach	 that	 came	 with	 a beach	mat.	I	decided	to	go	out	to	the	beach	and	sit	for	a	while,	even	if	I	wouldn’t let	my	skin	near	the	sun.

I	 found	 a	 shop	 that	 sold	 art	 supplies,	 along	 with	 other	 tourist	 needs,	 and bought	a	pad	and	pencil.	I	sat	on	the	beach	and	did	something	I	hadn’t	done	in years.	 I	 still	 had	 the	 knack	 for	 it,	 even	 if	 the	 lines	 weren’t	 so	 great	 now.	 The drawing	came	to	life,	and	I	was	pleased	with	it,	even	if	it	was	only	a	picture	of the	ocean	and	the	golden	sand	in	front	of	me.

It	wasn’t	the	drawing	that	was	important;	it	was	that	I’d	had	time	to	do	it	that mattered.	Normally,	I	was	too	stressed	to	sit	and	put	pencil	to	paper.	I’d	wanted to	draw	my	nieces	and	nephews	since	they	were	born,	but	my	schedule	had	been too	hectic	for	that.	I’d	never	had	time,	and	if	I	did	have	a	moment,	I	took	care	of my	errands	and	the	most	pressing	needs.	Drawing	and	relaxation	hadn’t	been	on that	list.

Now,	I’d	have	time	to	learn	yoga	and	maybe	even	start	to	paint	again.	I	could practice	on	the	piano,	if	I	wanted	to,	and	maybe	even	read	a	whole	book.	I	hadn’t stroked	any	keys	in	over	a	year,	so	I’d	probably	sound	terrible,	but	who	cared?

I	had	a	new	life,	a	new	independence	to	get	on	with.	So	what	if	my	brothers hadn’t	 quite	 figured	 that	 out	 yet?	 They	 would;	 they	 weren’t	 bad	 men	 after	 all.

Just	 assholes,	 I	 thought	 with	 a	 forgiving	 smile.	 They	 couldn’t	 help	 it	 if	 they’d been	raised	that	way.

It	was	my	father	and	mother’s	fault	the	boys	treated	me	like	that.	Later,	when I’d	been	old	enough	to	say	I’d	wanted	to	do	something	else,	they’d	all	ignored me.	They’d	just	bulldozed	over	my	tiny	voice	and	kept	going	on	with	their	plans.

Not	anymore.	I’d	change	my	phone	number	if	that	was	what	it	took,	but	I	would no	longer	be	at	their	beck	and	call.

Not	now	that	I	was	a	woman.	Well,	almost,	anyway.	There	was	one	final	act

to	complete	before	I	could	say	my	womanhood	was	accomplished.	I’d	wait	for

Mr.	Dark,	and	on	that	final	night,	if	he	still	didn’t	want	to	break	the	contract,	I’d push	him	until	he	did	exactly	what	I’d	want	him	to.	I	wasn’t	sure	how	yet,	but	I

had	some	time	to	study	up	on	the	whole	thing.	I’d	be	prepared	for	battle	the	next time	I	saw	him.





13

DYLAN

I woke	up	slowly,	confused	about	where	I	was.	It	didn’t	feel	like	my

bed,	 but	 then,	 I	 was	 used	 to	 that.	 I	 traveled	 a	 lot,	 so	 being	 in	 an unfamiliar	bed	was	common.	Where	was	I?

My	brain	kicked	in	a	little,	and	I	remembered	I	was	at	Elmo’s,	not	at	home.

I’d	been	with	Stephanie	and	stayed	the	night	with	her.	I	could	have	gone	home, but	after	what	I’d	put	her	through,	I	thought	she’d	need	me	to	be	there	with	her.

I’d	rocked	her	world,	and	I	wasn’t	the	least	bit	bashful	about	admitting	it.

I	 swiped	 at	 my	 face	 to	 wipe	 the	 sleep	 away	 and	 then	 reached	 for	 her.	 My hand	met	empty	air,	and	I	turned	my	head	to	see	the	bed	was	empty.	I	thought perhaps	she’d	gone	out	for	some	reason,	but	then	I	saw	a	note	on	the	table	beside the	 bed.	 I	 rolled	 over,	 a	 smile	 on	 my	 face	 despite	 the	 fact	 that	 I’d	 woken	 up alone.

She’d	been	an	intriguing	little	number,	I’d	give	her	that.	I	thought	we’d	have three	consecutive	days	together,	but	she	had	gone	home,	so	I	guessed	it	would	be different	days.	Or	something	like	that	…	I	needed	coffee	to	think	straight.	I	made a	 pot	 after	 I	 put	 my	 clothes	 on	 and	 washed	 up	 and	 thought	 about	 the	 night before.

She’d	 been	 eager,	 patient,	 but	 willing	 to	 say	 no.	 She’d	 been	 honest	 about what	she’d	wanted,	and	once	she	understood	that	she	didn’t	have	to	be	coy	with me,	she’d	been	very	blunt	about	her	desires.	I’d	wanted	to	push	her,	to	find	her limits,	but	I’d	got	lost	in	the	way	she	responded	to	my	touch	and	forgot	the	plan.

All	I	wanted	from	people	was	open	honesty,	without	guile	or	wiles,	and	that

was	 what	 Stephanie	 had	 given	 me	 from	 the	 start.	 She	 was	 innocent	 in	 some things;	 she	 was	 virginal	 in	 more	 ways	 than	 one,	 but	 she’d	 given	 me	 all	 I’d wanted	from	her.	She	was	genuine	from	the	start,	and	I	admired	that	in	her.

That	 wasn’t	 to	 say	 I	 hadn’t	 had	 my	 own	 mind	 blown.	 I’d	 become	 a	 little more	 than	 jaded	 over	 the	 years.	 I’d	 seen	 it	 all,	 done	 it	 all,	 but	 Stephanie	 had reminded	me	of	what	it	was	like.	How	wondrous	each	new	exploration	could	be.

I’d	even	felt	nervous	when	I’d	touched	her,	something	she’d	never	know,	but	I did.	She’d	brought	back	the	schoolboy	days	of	uncertainty	and	indecision.

I	left	the	room	after	I	finished	the	coffee,	spoke	to	an	unknown	woman	at	the front	 of	 the	 club,	 and	 left.	 I’d	 never	 been	 there	 that	 early	 in	 the	 morning	 and didn’t	know	the	woman,	so	I	didn’t	hang	around	for	a	chat.	By	the	time	I	made	it to	 my	 car,	 I	 knew	 that	 three	 days	 wouldn’t	 be	 enough,	 and	 I	 kind	 of	 resented Stephanie	for	that.	I	couldn’t	get	her	off	my	mind.	The	way	she	felt,	her	taste,	the way	she	responded	to	me,	all	played	over	and	over	again	in	my	head,	until	I	was driven	to	distraction.

Once	I	made	it	home,	I	couldn’t	concentrate,	no	matter	how	many	emails	I

tried	to	respond	to.	The	place	was	new,	I	probably	needed	to	settle	in	more	than	I had,	but	I’d	tried	to	work	to	break	the	spell	Stephanie	had	cast	on	me	with	her sweet	 sighs	 of	 surrender.	 I	 tried	 to	 watch	 the	 news	 on	 the	 television,	 but	 all	 I could	see	was	the	way	her	breasts	lifted	when	she	arched	her	back,	and	my	dick was	hard	all	over	again.

I	 hadn’t	 been	 this	 into	 a	 woman	 in	 my	 entire	 life.	 A	 few	 had	 intrigued	 me, but	the	fascination	had	ended	quickly.	I	didn’t	have	time,	or	the	patience,	for	a long	 relationship,	 and	 I	 had	 no	 plans	 for	 a	 wife	 and	 children.	 I	 was	 a	 man	 of business	who	liked	his	occasional	pleasure,	that	was	it.	Until	Stephanie.

I	sat	back	on	the	couch,	my	hand	over	my	zipper,	and	squeezed	as	I	thought

about	her.	She’d	been	so	ready	for	me,	and	that	was	part	of	the	reason	I’d	denied penetrative	 sex	 to	 us	 both.	 I	 knew	 how	 badly	 she	 wanted	 to	 have	 me	 inside	 of her,	because	I	wanted	it	just	as	much	as	she	did.	I	knew	she’d	be	slick	and	tight, and	 fuck	…	 I	wanted	a	lot	more	time	with	her.

Was	 three	 days	 enough?	 Should	 I	 be	 worried	 that	 I	 wanted	 more	 than	 that with	her?	She	was	only	a	woman,	I	thought,	why	was	she	so	different	from	the

rest?	Why	was	I	on	the	verge	of	jerking	off	to	her	memory,	when	she’d	only	just given	me	a	blow	job	a	few	hours	before?	I	wasn’t	a	teenager	anymore,	my	dick and	getting	off	were	no	longer	my	sole	focus	in	life.	Most	of	the	time.

Today	seemed	to	be	different,	and	she’d	turned	me	into	the	kid	who	couldn’t stop	 playing	 with	 his	 dick,	 I	 thought	 with	 a	 soft	 laugh.	 I	 went	 into	 the	 shower and	turned	it	on	as	I	undressed.	I	was	not	going	to	jerk	off	on	my	couch,	but	the shower	 was	 fair	 game.	 I	 dipped	 under	 the	 spray	 and	 let	 the	 heat	 and	 moisture wash	 away	 the	 sore	 tension	 in	 my	 muscles.	 Making	 sure	 Stephanie	 got everything	 she’d	 asked	 for	 had	 left	 me	 with	 a	 few	 sore	 places	 in	 my	 neck	 and back,	but	fuck	if	it	wasn’t	worth	it.

I	 was	 really	 worried	 about	 how	 much	 I	 wanted	 to	 see	 her	 again,	 though.	 I wasn’t	that	kind	of	guy	and	never	had	been.	That	was	why	I’d	made	it	clear	from the	start,	been	as	honest	and	open	as	I	could	be.	An	idea	struck,	and	I	washed	off quickly.

By	 the	 time	 I	 was	 clothed	 again,	 I	 had	 a	 new	 plan.	 I’d	 fuck	 her	 out	 of	 my head	with	someone	else.	There	was	a	girl	at	another	club	with	black	hair	and	the bluest	eyes	I’d	ever	seen.	Her	name	was	Michelle,	and	she	had	the	perfect	lips for	sucking	a	dick.	I	texted	her	and	found	out	she	was	free	tonight,	so	I	booked some	time	with	her.

I	 sent	 Roxie	 a	 message	 to	 let	 her	 know	 I’d	 be	 busy	 tonight	 if	 Stephanie called,	then	decided	to	spend	the	rest	of	the	day	at	the	gym.	I	didn’t	really	need the	workout,	but	I	couldn’t	maintain	this	body	if	I	let	myself	go.	I	headed	there and	worked	up	a	sweat	to	keep	my	mind	off	the	woman	with	a	sigh	who	could

instantly	make	me	hard.

I	tried	my	best,	and	by	the	time	I	got	to	the	place	Michelle	told	me	to	meet her	at,	I	was	ready	for	a	night	of	filthy	sex.	I’d	fuck	Michelle,	and	that	would	set me	straight.	She	greeted	me	in	a	room	above	the	club,	and	I	could	hear	the	music and	felt	it	as	a	throb	below	my	feet.

“Hi	there,	handsome.	How	are	you	tonight?”	She	was	in	a	black	halter	dress

that	barely	had	enough	shiny	material	to	cover	her	bottom.	The	black	stockings and	 six-inch	 stiletto	 heels	 created	 a	 dramatic	 effect	 that	 I	 couldn’t	 look	 away from.

Her	 full,	 round	 breasts	 tantalized	 me	 through	 a	 slit	 that	 ran	 from	 her	 neck down	 to	 her	 belly	 button,	 and	 I	 wanted	 to	 feel	 the	 soft	 skin	 in	 my	 hands.	 “I’m alright,	Michelle,	how	are	you?”

“I’m	 good,	 Dylan.	 Want	 a	 drink?”	 She	 went	 to	 a	 cabinet,	 bent	 down,	 and opened	a	door	to	look	inside.	We	have	scotch,	vodka,	and	gin.	There’s	also	a	few sodas	in	there	and	some	juice.”

“Scotch	please,	Michelle.”	I	took	the	drink	she	handed	me,	and	she	sat	down beside	me.	“Where	do	you	want	to	eat?”

“There’s	 a	 new	 Mexican	 place	 just	 up	 the	 street…”	 She	 used	 a	 seductive voice	that	got	my	attention.	Especially	when	she	put	her	hand	high	on	my	thigh.

“Not	quite	what	I	had	in	mind,	but	it’s	your	decision.”	I	thought	it	was	a	bit heavy	 for	 a	 night	 that	 I	 had	 planned	 to	 spend	 in	 bed,	 but	 that	 was	 okay	 if	 that was	what	she	wanted.

“It’s	 my	 favorite	 food,	 so	 yeah,	 I’d	 like	 to	 try	 it.”	 She	 took	 the	 now	 empty glass	I	handed	to	her	and	stood	up.	“Come	on,	we	can	walk	to	it.”

The	walk	up	was	silent	on	my	end,	but	she	chatted	away	about	her	cats,	and

how	 she	 wanted	 to	 go	 a	 new	 dance	 club	 that	 had	 opened	 up.	 I	 wasn’t	 one	 for dancing,	so	she’d	have	to	wait	for	the	next	guy	to	do	that.	I	wanted	to	eat,	and fuck,	that	was	all.

When	 we	 were	 seated,	 her	 attitude	 toward	 the	 waitress	 was	 a	 bit	 rude	 and imperial,	 as	 if	 I’d	 just	 taken	 her	 to	 a	 five-star	 restaurant,	 not	 a	 Mexican restaurant.	That	kind	of	irked	me,	but	I	let	it	go.	Sex	was	all	that	mattered.	My annoyance,	however,	rose,	when	Michelle	began	to	order.

I	 had	 money	 to	 blow,	 but	 from	 appetizer	 to	 dessert,	 she	 ordered	 as	 if	 she’d gone	 through	 and	 chose	 each	 dish	 that	 cost	 the	 most.	 Something	 told	 me Stephanie	 wouldn’t	 do	 that.	 She’d	 order	 what	 she	 liked,	 not	 what	 a	 price	 said was	best.

“And	please,	don’t	forget	to	add	extra	cheese	to	the	beans.	I	know	how	you

people	like	to	skimp	on	those	things,”	Michelle	said	from	her	side	of	the	booth.	I looked	at	her	and	saw	a	snide	sneer	on	her	face.

Ugh,	she	was	one	of	those	people,	I	thought	to	myself	and	politely	ordered

my	food	without	comment.	She	didn’t	want	to	let	it	go.

“I	 love	 Mexican	 restaurants,	 but	 they’re	 always	 staffed	 by	 people	 who	 can barely	speak	English.”	Her	pretty	blue	eyes	rolled	in	a	rather	ugly	way.	“I	don’t know	why	they	don’t	just	hire	Americans.”

“From	her	accent,	she	sounded	American	to	me.”	I	pointed	out.	The	fact	that the	woman	had	blonde	hair	and	green	eyes	didn’t	mean	she	wasn’t	of	Hispanic origin,	but	her	accent	was	straight	down	home	South	Carolina.

“Oh,	 that	 doesn’t	 mean	 anything.”	 This	 time	 I	 was	 the	 recipient	 of	 her	 eye rolling	extravaganza.	“I	bet	they’re	all	illegal	too.”

I	 stared	 at	 her,	 floored	 at	 her	 attitude.	 She	 didn’t	 know	 the	 woman,	 or	 the hiring	 practices	 of	 the	 place,	 but	 she	 had	 already	 assumed	 so	 much.	 Maybe	 I should	have	just	booked	her	for	the	time	in	bed	and	not	have	offered	her	dinner too.	 I’d	 met	 her	 a	 couple	 times	 at	 another	 bar	 Freddy	 took	 me	 to,	 and	 she’d seemed	hot,	intelligent,	and	fuckable.	Now,	I	had	to	wonder.

The	fact	that	every	move	she	made,	my	brain	compared	to	Stephanie	didn’t

help.	Thankfully,	she	stayed	quiet	as	we	waited	for	our	food,	and	then	the	only conversation	 we	 had	 was	 about	 how	 good	 the	 food	 was.	 She	 had	 her	 extra cheese,	and	I	imagined	the	waitress	probably	wanted	to	spit	in	it,	so	I	left	her	a really	 good	 tip.	 Just	 for	 keeping	 her	 cool	 despite	 Michelle’s	 demand	 for	 a	 new glass	of	wine	because	she’d	managed	to	get	a	piece	of	cheese	in	it.	Or	the	fact that	 she	 wanted	 different	 forks	 for	 her	 various	 dishes,	 a	 new	 tub	 of	 tortillas because	her	old	ones	had	gone	cold,	and	the	moment	when	she	sent	her	dessert back	twice,	because	the	apple	pie	wasn’t	hot	enough.

I	was	ready	to	ditch	her	by	then,	but	I	told	myself	I	wasn’t	here	to	like	the woman	 and	 start	 a	 new	 relationship;	 I	 was	 there	 to	 fuck	 her	 and	 get	 Stephanie out	of	my	system.	Luckily,	Michelle	had	a	seductive	body,	and	if	she’d	shut	up,	I might	be	able	to	rise	to	the	occasion.

As	soon	as	we	were	back	in	the	room	assigned	to	us,	she	pushed	me	against

the	door	and	kissed	me	aggressively.	“I	want	you	to	fuck	me	right	now,	Dylan.

Get	those	clothes	off.”

“Okay,”	I	said	and	pushed	her	away.	She	needed	a	mint,	which	she’d	refused

after	 the	 dinner	 we’d	 had,	 and	 to	 tone	 down	 the	 dominance.	 That	 wasn’t	 my game.	Not	with	her.

“You	need	to	hurry;	I	have	another	date	in	an	hour,”	she	said	as	I	went	to	the couch	to	settle	down.

I’d	gone	to	sit	there	because	I	thought	it	would	give	her	a	minute	to	freshen up,	but	she	followed	me.	“Did	you	pay	already	or	are	you	paying	after?	I’m	just wondering	if	you’re	going	to	leave	a	tip?	I’m	saving	up	for	a	trip	to	Hawaii.”

“Oh.	I	have	paid,	but	I	can	leave	a	tip	too.”	She	was	really	turning	me	off	at this	point,	and	I	wanted	to	tell	her	to	shut	up	and	get	my	dick	out	of	my	pants	for me.

“Goody!”	she	cried	with	glee,	and	I	frowned.	Seriously?

She	 sat	 beside	 me	 and	 pushed	 her	 face	 into	 my	 neck	 and	 grabbed	 at	 my crotch	 with	 her	 right	 hand.	 I	 jumped	 but	 let	 her	 work	 her	 technique	 on	 me.

Nothing	 happened	 until	 she	 sighed,	 and	 my	 brain	 immediately	 remembered Stephanie’s	sounds.	I	was	hard	as	a	rock	then,	but	not	for	Michelle.

“Oh,	 baby,	 you’re	 ready	 for	 momma,	 aren’t	 you?	 Does	 baby	 need	 a	 titty too?”	She	pushed	the	open	panel	of	her	dress	aside	and	revealed	a	bare	breast	to me.	Only,	I	didn’t	want	to	touch	her	at	all	now.

“Um…”	I	looked	at	her	with	an	expression	that	I	couldn’t	control.	Her	words disgusted	me,	and	when	she	tried	to	press	her	breast	in	my	face,	I’d	backed	up.

“No.”

“What’s	 wrong?	 Don’t	 you	 want	 me?”	 She	 looked	 confused	 and	 a	 little miffed	as	she	glared	at	me.

Michelle	 was	 obviously	 far	 too	 dominant	 for	 my	 tastes,	 and	 she	 had	 some odd	kink	that	I	wasn’t	into	at	all.	I	pushed	her	away	and	stood.	“I’m	sorry,	I	have to	go.	Not	feeling	well	all	of	a	sudden.”

“But	 you	 haven’t	 fucked	 me	 yet!	 You	 know	 we	 don’t	 give	 refunds,	 right?”

She	bared	her	other	breast,	as	if	that	would	tempt	me.

It	 might	 have	 if	 I	 hadn’t	 spent	 an	 hour	 and	 a	 half	 at	 a	 restaurant	 with	 her, only	to	come	back	and	have	her	start	some	mommy	fetish	with	me.	If	she’d	just stayed	quiet,	I	might	have	been	able	to	fuck	her;	I	might	have	been	able	to	stamp Stephanie	out	of	my	memory,	but	she	just	wouldn’t	shut	up.

“It’s	alright,	I	don’t	need	the	money	back.	Take	it.	And	here,	this	too.”	I	took a	 $50	 out	 of	 my	 pocket	 and	 handed	 it	 to	 her.	 “Thanks,	 but	 yeah,	 not	 feeling

well.”

Obviously,	 I	 wasn’t	 going	 to	 get	 Stephanie	 out	 of	 my	 system	 that	 way.

Maybe	 a	 week	 wasn’t	 so	 bad.	 It	 wasn’t	 long	 enough	 to	 form	 an	 attachment	 or anything.	I	needed	to	talk	to	Roxie.	I’d	fucked	up;	maybe	I	could	fix	the	night before	it	was	over	with.

I	thought	about	offering	her	two	weeks	but	knew	how	easily	I	became	bored.

I	couldn’t	get	her	out	of	my	system	with	one	night,	but	surely	a	week	would	do it?	She	was	only	a	woman,	after	all.	Right?





14

EMILY

I t	wasn’t	any	surprise	that	when	I	turned	my	phone	on	around	five	that

evening	 it	 vibrated	 for	 a	 full	 five	 minutes.	 Mason	 had	 blown	 my

phone	up.	I	thought	it	would	burst	into	flames	before	it	finally	came	to	a	rest.	I stared	at	it	for	a	few	seconds	once	it	finally	stopped,	not	sure	it	was	done.

I	opened	the	cover	on	it	and	pressed	the	button	so	the	screen	would	come	on.

Mason	 had	 called,	 stalked	 my	 Facebook,	 Instagram;	 he’d	 even	 been	 on	 my Snapchat	 and	 sent	 me	 texts.	 He	 needed	 me;	 Laura	 was	 ill.	 I	 felt	 bad	 that	 I’d ignored	 my	 phone	 all	 day,	 when	 he’d	 truly	 needed	 me	 this	 time,	 but	 I	 hadn’t been	there.

“Mason,	 how’s	 it	 going?”	 I	 asked	 once	 he’d	 picked	 up	 my	 call.	 I’d	 dialed him	back	as	soon	as	I	saw	the	message	that	Laura	was	in	the	hospital.

“Not	 so	 good,	 sis.	 We	 have	 the	 plane	 at	 the	 airport.	 Can	 you	 make	 it	 back here	 tonight?”	 Mason	 sounded	 tired,	 even	 over	 the	 phone,	 and	 a	 pang	 of	 guilt pierced	my	heart.

“Of	 course,	 Mason.”	 I	 thought	 about	 Mr.	 Dark,	 but	 I	 knew	 that	 could	 wait.

“What	have	they	said	about	her	condition?”

“Her	gallbladder	has	to	come	out.	It’s	about	to	rupture,	and	if	that	happens, she’ll	have	a	much	longer	recovery	and	have	a	lot	of	procedures.	I	don’t	know; the	doctor	said	so	much	I	couldn’t	take	it	all	in.”	I	heard	a	note	of	panic	in	his voice	and	wanted	to	say, this,	this	is	when	you	call	me, 	but	I	didn’t.

It	wasn’t	the	time	for	admonishments,	it	was	the	time	to	be	a	sister.	“I’ll	pack a	bag	and	head	out	in	about	fifteen	minutes,	Mason.	Don’t	worry	about	the	kids.

I’ll	be	there	with	them	soon.”

I	 could	 picture	 the	 little	 faces	 of	 Francesca,	 Nick,	 and	 Alex,	 confused	 and lost	 without	 their	 momma.	 They	 probably	 had	 no	 idea	 what	 was	 going	 on	 and were	 terrified	 for	 their	 mother.	 I’d	 be	 there	 soon	 enough	 to	 reassure	 them.

Gallbladders	weren’t	so	bad,	but	if	hers	was	bad	enough	it	was	about	to	rupture, she	was	in	trouble.	She	was	definitely	in	a	lot	of	pain	and	probably	had	been	for a	long	time.	Which	was	probably	why	she	had	forgot	my	birthday,	I	thought	as	I drove	to	the	airport.	This	wasn’t	something	sudden;	it	was	something	she’d	been dealing	with	for	a	while.

My	mother	had	to	have	hers	out	when	I	was	thirteen,	and	even	as	a	teenager, I’d	 been	 afraid	 for	 her.	 I	 could	 remember	 how	 sick	 she’d	 been	 before	 it	 was removed,	 how	 much	 pain	 she’d	 been	 in.	 Poor	 Laura,	 and	 there	 I’d	 been	 like	 a whiny	brat,	having	a	fit	because	nobody	remembered	my	birthday.	Guilt	wracked me,	but	I	kept	driving.

I’d	make	it	up	to	her	now	and	keep	her	children	safe	until	she	could	take	that job	 up	 again.	 It	 wasn’t	 that	 hard;	 they	 were	 small	 children.	 They	 needed	 to	 be kept	entertained,	fed,	and	cared	for,	and	I’d	had	a	lot	of	practice	at	that.	I	sat	in the	leather	seat	of	the	beautifully	decorated	jet	and	waited.	The	flight	wouldn’t take	long,	and	I’d	be	in	Charlotte	before	I	knew	it.

The	trip	was	long	enough	that	I	had	time	to	wonder	about	Mr.	Dark	and	to

think	 about	 the	 way	 I’d	 spent	 the	 previous	 night.	 Was	 he	 thinking	 of	 me?

Remembering?	I	felt	stupid	for	it,	but	I’d	hoped	he	was.	He’d	offered	me	three days,	 but	 I	 wondered	 if	 I	 could	 talk	 him	 into	 more?	 Like	 him,	 I	 didn’t	 want	 a relationship,	or	I’d	have	found	a	man	some	other	way.	I’d	wanted	an	education, to	be	pleasured,	and	to	get	on	with	my	life.

But	was	that	all?	He’d	made	me	aware	of	what	I’d	missed	out	on	my	whole

life,	and	now,	I	wanted	to	be	greedy.	I	wanted	it	all,	desperately.	Maybe	I	should be	afraid	of	myself,	the	need	I	felt,	or	afraid	of	him,	and	the	things	he	planned	to do.	The	things	he	made	me	want.	I	wasn’t	afraid,	though,	not	with	him.

He	 made	 me	 feel	 safe,	 secure,	 and	 empowered.	 Like	 I	 could	 say	 no	 if	 I wanted	 to.	 He	 made	 me	 feel	 as	 if	 I	 could	 make	 a	 demand	 that	 would	 be	 met.

Like	my	input	would	have	some	relevance	to	a	final	decision.	Like	I’d	found	a

missing	piece	of	me	with	him.	Or	maybe	he	was	that	piece?

That	was	an	even	scarier	thought,	and	I	pushed	it	away.	I	didn’t	need	to	do something	like	fall	in	love	with	a	man,	just	because	he’d	made	me	come.	That was	 stupid.	 Anybody	 with	 the	 right	 skills	 could	 get	 a	 woman	 off.	 We	 were known	 to	 even	 get	 ourselves	 off.	 That	 wasn’t	 love.	 That	 was	 appreciation.	 Or something	like	that;	I	wasn’t	sure	what	to	call	it	exactly.

Freedom,	 perhaps?	 That	 sounded	 right,	 and	 I	 smiled	 a	 half	 smile.	 Imagine, finding	freedom	in	submission.	But	I	had,	as	I	knew	I	would,	from	the	moment	I saw	a	woman	in	a	video	tied	to	a	post.	The	expression	on	her	face	had	been	one of	complete	satisfaction,	maybe	even	blissful.	I’d	known	that	was	what	I	wanted right	then.	The	whole	scenario.

Tied	 down	 so	 I	 couldn’t	 move,	 with	 someone	 else	 in	 control	 of	 what	 I	 did and	felt.	Even	down	to	whether	I	moved	or	not.	That	had	been	so	hot,	when	he’d tied	me	to	the	bed	and	told	me	not	to	move.	I’d	wanted	to	tell	Mr.	Dark	I’d	be	his forever	 in	 that	 moment,	 but	 I	 knew	 it	 was	 stupid	 and	 had	 kept	 quiet.	 I’d	 kept still,	as	he	told	me	to	do.

A	call	came	in	on	my	Facebook	messenger,	and	I	answered	it	with	a	secret

smile.	“Hi,	Roxie.”

“How	 are	 you,	 baby?”	 Despite	 the	 fact	 that	 I	 was	 flying	 through	 the	 air, Roxie	 sounded	 as	 clear	 as	 a	 bell.	 I	 even	 heard	 the	 small	 laugh	 she	 gave	 as	 I groaned.

“I’m	 so	 sore	 now!	 But	 I	 don’t	 mind.	 I	 earned	 that	 sore.”	 I’d	 talked	 to	 her earlier,	 but	 I	 didn’t	 mind	 going	 over	 it	 all	 again.	 I	 was	 doing	 that	 in	 my	 mind now	anyway.

“He	 called	 me	 a	 little	 while	 ago.	 He	 canceled	 his	 appointment.	 Wants	 to know	if	you’re	available	tonight?”	She	sounded	pleased	with	herself	again,	as	if she’d	 known	 all	 along	 he	 and	 I	 were	 meant	 for	 each	 other.	 At	 least	 for	 a	 short time.

“Damn!”	 I	 looked	 out	 the	 window	 as	 Charlotte	 came	 into	 view,	 a	 city	 of lights	from	above.	“I	had	to	come	to	Charlotte.	My	sister-in-law	is	sick	and	has to	have	surgery	immediately.	I	promised	I’d	watch	the	kids.”

“Oh,	 honey!	 You	 should	 definitely	 be	 there	 for	 your	 family.	 I	 totally

understand!	Can	I	do	anything	on	my	end?	Do	you	need	some	plants	watered	or anything?”	 I	 could	 hear	 the	 concern	 and	 felt	 honored.	 Not	 many	 people	 earned Roxie’s	respect	anymore,	and	for	her	to	offer	that	meant	a	lot	to	me.

“No,	I	haven’t	had	time	to	find	any	plants,	so	there’s	nothing	to	worry	over.

An	orange	that	might	start	to	go	moldy	on	the	counter,	but	I	can	deal	with	that when	I	get	back.	Do	you	think	he’ll	wait	for	me?”	I	knew	she	knew	who	I	meant, although	I	didn’t	say	his	name.

Mainly	 because	 I	 didn’t	 know	 it,	 and	 I	 didn’t	 want	 to	 call	 him	 Mr.	 Dark where	 someone	 might	 hear	 me.	 It	 sounded	 silly	 when	 I	 wasn’t	 in	 that environment	 or	 with	 Roxie	 alone.	 I	 did	 feel	 a	 thrill	 that	 he’d	 called	 for	 me	 so quickly.	 Obviously,	 he’d	 been	 pleased	 with	 my	 performance.	 That	 made	 my shoulders	straighten,	and	my	head	tilted	back	with	pride.

“I	think	he	will.	The	fact	that	he	called	me	right	away	means	he’s	definitely interested	and	wants	more	of	you,	missy.”	She	gave	a	throaty	laugh,	and	I	joined her.

“Damn,	 I	 didn’t	 even	 do	 that	 much,	 if	 I’m	 honest.	 He	 did	 all	 the	 work,”	 I said,	and	sighed.	“But	then,	I	guess	that’s	the	point,	isn’t	it?”

“It	is,	indeed,	sweetie.	Listen,	I	have	to	go;	Freddy’s	just	come	in.	You	call me	later,	alright?”

“I	 will.	 The	 plane’s	 about	 to	 land	 anyway,	 so	 I	 should	 go.	 Take	 care.	 And thank	you!”

“No	 problem,	 Em.	 Take	 care	 now.”	 She	 hung	 up,	 and	 the	 plane	 started	 to descend.

I	 hated	 that	 part	 of	 flights,	 but	 I	 still	 couldn’t	 stop	 as	 I	 watched	 the	 plane descend	 to	 the	 ground	 once	 more.	 I	 closed	 my	 eyes	 when	 I	 thought	 the	 tires should	hit	the	ground	and	held	my	breath.	When	the	tires	held	and	didn’t	sling the	plane	sideways,	collapse,	or	cause	the	plane	to	burst	into	flames,	a	crazy	idea but	still	one	I	worried	about,	I	took	a	deep	breath	and	relaxed.

I	was	soon	out	of	the	airport,	in	a	car	my	brother	had	sent	for	me,	and	at	the house	with	two	noisy	children	and	a	baby	who	wanted	to	sleep.	I	put	Francesca down	in	her	crib	and	took	Nick	and	Alex	into	the	family	room	to	watch	a	movie.

Mason	had	taken	to	fatherhood	well,	and	one	of	his	proudest	moments	was	when

he	 had	 this	 family	 room	 built.	 He’d	 thought	 of	 the	 children	 and	 had	 the	 room decorated	 with	 a	 zoo	 theme.	 Toy	 animals	 filled	 shelves,	 stood	 on	 their	 own	 as giant,	 almost	 life-sized	 giraffes	 and	 elephants,	 and	 were	 painted	 on	 the	 walls.

Pastel	colors	made	the	room	seem	soft,	and	the	overstuffed	wraparound	couch	in front	of	a	giant	television	screen	invited	all	to	sit	and	relax.

The	couch,	in	a	muted	brown	shade,	was	wide	enough	to	allow	two	adults	to

lie	side	by	side,	so	it	was	big	enough	that	both	boys	could	surround	me	while	we watched	their	favorite	movie.	Only	they	didn’t	really	want	to	watch	it.

“Aunt	 Emily?	 Will	 Mommy	 come	 home?”	 asked	 Nick,	 and	 I	 clasped	 him tighter	to	my	chest.

“Of	course,	darling.	She’ll	be	in	the	hospital	for	a	little	while,	but	it	won’t	be long	 at	 all	 really.	 You’ll	 see.”	 He	 was	 small	 enough	 that	 my	 kiss	 on	 his	 cheek didn’t	 make	 him	 cringe.	 Rather,	 he	 burrowed	 deeper	 into	 my	 embrace.	 Alex, snuggled	up	behind	me	with	a	pillow	under	his	head	so	he	could	see,	squeezed tiny	arms	around	my	neck,	as	if	he’d	needed	reassurance	too.

Yes,	 this	 was	 what	 I’d	 wanted.	 To	 be	 needed,	 to	 be	 loved,	 but	 also,	 to	 be appreciated.	The	boys	didn’t	know	how	to	express	that	yet,	they	were	too	young, but	those	hugs,	that	need	for	reassurance,	told	me	my	presence	was	important	to them.	Now,	if	only	I	could	teach	my	brothers	that.

Mason	had	tried,	but	he’d	called	me	when	he’d	needed	me.	That	was	all	I’d

ever	 wanted	 from	 them,	 though.	 I	 didn’t	 want	 to	 be	 on	 standby,	 but	 if	 I	 was absolutely	needed,	if	it	was	an	emergency,	I	was	more	than	willing	to	help.

The	 only	 problem	 was,	 I	 wanted	 to	 be	 at	 home,	 my	 new	 home.	 With	 Mr.

Dark.	 I	 pushed	 thoughts	 of	 him	 away	 as	 a	 cartoon	 elk	 chased	 a	 wild	 duck through	the	forest	in	the	children’s	movie	the	boys	chose,	and	I	tried	to	figure	out what	was	happening	in	the	movie.

It	wasn’t	long	before	we	were	all	asleep,	warm	and	comfortable	wrapped	up

together.	I	found	myself	in	a	dark	room,	with	only	a	candle	to	light	the	darkness.

I	could	see	the	chair	and	table	were	both	white,	but	other	than	that,	I	couldn’t	see anything.

Then	Mr.	Dark	appeared,	and	I	tilted	my	head	in	his	direction	with	a	smile	on my	face.	“Hello	there.”

I	didn’t	react	when	my	voice	echoed.	It	seemed	appropriate	for	some	reason, and	I	didn’t	pay	attention	to	it.	“Hello,	Emily.	How	are	you?”

A	chair	appeared	on	the	side	of	the	table	he	moved	to,	and	the	light	expanded to	encompass	him	as	well.	He	looked	delicious,	and	I	wanted	to	curl	into	his	lap, his	arms,	to	forget	the	world	existed.	Nothing	could	get	to	me	when	I	was	with him,	I	was	sure	of	it.

“I’m	 well,	 Mr.	 Dark.”	 I	 took	 his	 hand	 when	 he	 offered	 it,	 and	 suddenly	 we were	dancing	on	a	cloud	in	the	darkness.	I	had	on	a	long,	slinky	black	dress,	and I	pressed	myself	into	him.

He	 was	 warm,	 and	 the	 resistance	 of	 his	 body	 felt	 so	 good.	 “You	 aren’t afraid.”

His	voice	broke	into	the	peaceful	place	I’d	drifted	to,	and	I	smiled	up	at	him.

“No,	should	I	be?”

“Maybe.	 You	 don’t	 know	 me,	 Emily.	 You	 haven’t	 even	 told	 me	 your	 real name.”	I	didn’t	point	out	that	he’d	just	used	it;	I	simply	listened	to	him	and	then replied.

“You	don't	need	to	know	my	real	name.	Not	yet.	I	just	need	what	you	give	to me.”	 I	 ran	 a	 finger	 down	 his	 smooth	 cheek	 that	 covered	 high	 cheekbones	 and perfect	teeth.	“I	don’t	need	to	know	anything	more	about	you,	other	than	the	fact that	I’m	safe	with	you.	I	know	that.”

“Do	you?	Because	you	don’t	know	me,	Emily.”	He	looked	concerned,	and	I

wanted	to	wipe	that	concern	away.

“What	do	I	need	to	know?	I	know	how	you	make	me	feel,	and	that	you	made

me	 free.	 You	 let	 me	 be	 me.	 You	 taught	 me	 how	 to	 say	 no.”	 Which	 was something	 I	 could	 barely	 do	 with	 my	 family.	 And	 then	 I	 could	 only	 do	 that recently.	Well,	I	couldn’t	tonight,	but	this	was	an	emergency,	wasn’t	it?

“If	 that’s	 all	 you	 require,	 then	 I	 won’t	 trouble	 you	 about	 it	 anymore.”	 He spun	me	around,	and	suddenly,	I	could	hear	music.	I	put	my	head	on	his	shoulder and	stepped	through	all	the	steps	I’d	learned	in	my	many	dance	classes	at	school.

He	 expertly	 guided	 me	 through	 the	 cloud,	 and	 I	 didn’t	 even	 notice	 that	 we shouldn’t	be	on	a	cloud.

I	woke	up	when	I	finally	started	to	wonder	how	we	could	dance	on	a	cloud,

and	I	took	the	boys	up	to	their	rooms	to	sleep.	The	dream	lingered	in	my	mind, and	I	smiled	the	entire	time	I	was	in	the	shower.	I	still	smiled	as	I	put	on	pajamas and	went	downstairs	to	watch	another	movie.	If	he’d	wait	for	me,	I’d	have	to	ask Mr.	Dark	to	give	us	more	time	together.	We’d	need	it.	Only	another	week	or	two, that	was	it.	I	didn’t	want	to	get	attached	to	him,	but	I	did	want	more	time	with him.	Just	a	little	more.	I	missed	him.





15

DYLAN

She’d	been	gone	for	three	days.	I	sat	in	a	chair	and	glared	at	the	dancer

on	 the	 stage.	 It	 wasn’t	 Roxie,	 and	 she	 was	 terrible.	 I	 knew	 she wouldn’t	 last	 long.	 From	 the	 listless	 way	 she	 danced,	 it	 was	 obvious	 she	 had	 a drug	problem.	Miss	Maples	would	pull	the	woman	aside,	have	her	treated,	then offer	her	a	job	somewhere	else.	I’d	heard	a	lot	about	how	fantastic	Miss	Maples was	from	Roxie	over	the	last	few	days	as	I	waited	for	Stephanie	to	come	home.

A	family	illness	had	cropped	up,	and	she’d	had	to	go	home.	That	had	put	the damper	 on	 things,	 but	 I	 couldn’t	 complain.	 She	 had	 family.	 I	 had	 two	 adoptive parents	 and	 no	 siblings.	 I	 didn’t	 know	 what	 it	 was	 like	 to	 have	 to	 take	 care	 of nieces	and	nephews	while	your	family	member	was	sick.

It	gave	me	time	to	come	up	with	a	new	contract,	and	to	think	about	whether	I actually	wanted	to	give	it	to	her.	I	was	alright,	really,	the	first	few	days.	I	did	the contract,	 I	 worked,	 unpacked	 my	 apartment,	 and	 settled	 into	 it.	 Roxie	 said	 it would	 be	 a	 couple	 of	 days,	 at	 least.	 When	 she	 wasn’t	 back	 on	 the	 third	 day,	 I started	to	wonder.

Had	the	sick	family	member	been	an	excuse?	Did	she	really	just	not	want	to

come	back?	Had	she	got	what	she	wanted	and	decided	to	leave?	No,	she	was	too curious	to	walk	away.

“When’s	 she	 coming	 back,	 Roxie?”	 I	 asked	 as	 the	 beautiful	 young	 woman came	to	sit	beside	me.	“Why	can’t	I	have	her	phone	number?”

“You	 know	 that’s	 against	 the	 rules	 until	 you	 sign	 on	 as	 her	 protector.	 Until then,	you	contact	her	only	through	me.”	There	was	an	edge	to	Roxie’s	voice	that

I	wasn’t	about	to	argue	with,	especially	when	her	eyebrow	lifted,	and	she	gave me	the	female	version	of	the	‘don’t	fuck	with	me’	look.

“Fine.”	I	sighed,	and	sank	lower	in	my	chair.	Perhaps	a	little	childish	of	me, but	I	was	getting	antsy.	I	wanted	to	feel	her	soft	skin	and	smell	her	delicate	scent.

And	fuck,	her	taste,	I	wanted	to	taste	her	so	much.

“I	 could	 offer	 you	 another	 girl,	 if	 you’d	 like?”	 Roxie	 asked	 with	 a	 twitch around	her	nose	that	meant	something,	but	I	wasn’t	sure.

“No,	I’ll	wait	for	Stephanie.”	I	didn’t	elaborate	on	why,	and	I	wasn’t	about to.	That	was	my	business,	not	hers.

When	a	grin	spread	over	her	face,	I	knew	I’d	passed	some	kind	of	test,	but	it didn’t	 matter.	 The	 only	 person	 who	 mattered	 was	 Stephanie;	 only,	 she	 wasn’t here.

“Do	 you	 think	 it	 will	 be	 much	 longer?”	 My	 fingers	 tapped	 time	 on	 the tabletop,	the	blunt	tips	manicured	with	short	nails	that	barely	made	a	sound.

“I	 don’t	 think	 so.	 The	 issue	 was	 sorted	 quickly	 and	 without	 too	 much	 of	 a problem.	Stephanie	should	be	back	soon.”	Roxie	smirked,	she	actually	smirked, and	I	wanted	to	be	upset,	but	I	couldn’t	be.	She	was	right	to	smirk	at	my	antics.

I	 was	 acting	 like	 a	 lovesick	 idiot.	 Over	 a	 woman	 I	 barely	 knew.	 I	 inhaled deeply	and	went	back	to	my	conversation.	“How’s	Freddy	then?”

“Fine.	 He	 had	 to	 go	 to	 San	 Diego	 this	 week,	 but	 he	 won’t	 be	 longer	 than that.”

“So	it’s	just	us	then?”	I	asked	with	a	goofy	leer	meant	to	make	her	laugh.

“Very	 much	 so.	 And	 no,	 you	 aren’t	 getting	 in	 my	 pants!	 Even	 if	 you	 are	 a handsome	devil.”	She	gave	me	a	wink,	and	I	laughed	with	her.	“Buy	me	a	drink, sailor?”

“Of	 course,	 my	 lady.	 What	 would	 you	 like?”	 The	 waitress	 was	 busy,	 so	 I went	up	to	the	bar	to	order	two	drinks,	and	we	headed	back	to	the	table.

“Why	are	you	here	tonight	if	Freddy’s	out	of	town?”	I	sipped	at	my	scotch

and	looked	at	her	over	the	rim	of	the	glass.

“It’s	my	job	to	be	here,	no	matter	what	I’m	doing	while	I’m	here.	I	have	to help	 make	 sure	 things	 run	 smoothly.	 Keep	 the	 men	 in	 line,	 and	 the	 ladies sometimes.”	 Roxie’s	 façade	 slipped	 for	 a	 second,	 and	 I	 caught	 a	 glimpse	 of	 a

tired	woman	who	needed	a	break.

I’d	have	to	suggest	to	Freddy	that	he	needed	to	take	his	lady	on	a	vacation.

She’d	let	her	mask	slip,	for	just	a	moment.	Although,	Roxie	seemed	to	be	one	of a	few	who	didn’t	hide	her	face	away,	she	did	have	a	mask	on,	I	realized,	all	the time.	It	was	a	peaceful	expression	that	hid	just	how	tired	she	really	was.

Then	it	was	back	in	place,	and	she	slugged	back	the	shot	of	vodka	before	she took	a	slug	of	ginger	ale	to	wash	it	down.

“Another?”	I	asked,	and	she	shook	her	head	eagerly.

“Please,	 I	 think	 I’ll	 need	 it	 tonight.	 Big	 boy	 over	 there	 doesn’t	 quite	 know how	to	take	no	for	an	answer.	I’ve	told	him	twice	already	to	keep	his	hands	to himself.	 If	 he	 does	 it	 again,	 he’s	 leaving	 with	 broken	 fingers.”	 Roxie’s	 chin jerked	in	the	direction	of	a	man	at	a	table	alone.

He	was	a	fairly	hefty	guy,	with	thinning	hair	and	mean	eyes.	I	didn’t	like	the look	of	him.	“I’m	here	if	you	need	help.”

I	 decided	 to	 stay	 the	 rest	 of	 the	 evening,	 or	 until	 the	 guy	 left,	 for	 Roxie.	 I didn’t	 have	 to,	 I	 knew	 that,	 but	 she	 was	 becoming	 a	 friend,	 and	 I’d	 wanted	 to protect	her.	It	was	the	decent	thing	to	do,	I	thought.

The	 man	 walked	 to	 the	 bar	 when	 the	 waitress	 ignored	 his	 snapping	 fingers and	glared	over	at	Roxie	as	he	did	so.

“Why	 doesn’t	 Miss	 Maples	 just	 kick	 him	 out,	 Roxie?	 He’s	 a	 nuisance,	 and he’s	going	to	cause	a	problem.	He’s	got	that	vibe	about	him,	you	know?”	I	didn’t take	my	eyes	off	the	man	as	he	went	to	the	bar,	sat	on	a	stool	with	a	heavy	sigh, and	stared	at	the	bartender	as	he	made	the	man’s	drink.

“He’s	 some	 bigwig	 and	 friends	 with	 one	 of	 our	 major	 clients.	 She	 doesn’t want	to	offend	the	other	client,	so	she’s	let	him	in.	I	don’t	think	he’ll	last	long.

Maybe	another	half	hour	before	he	does	something	stupid.	It’ll	cause	problems for	Miss	Maples,	but,	what	can	you	do?”

The	man	that	I’d	now	dubbed	Kid	Dickhead	in	my	mind	smoothed	back	the

fluffy,	poorly	colored	blond	hair	that	draped	over	his	head	to	hide	his	bald	spot as	he	hefted	his	way	off	the	seat	and	made	straight	for	Roxie.

Her	eyes	narrowed,	and	I	saw	her	tense.	It	was	subtle,	but	if	you	knew	her, you	could	see	the	way	her	shoulders	went	back	and	up	and	how	her	jaw	firmed

up.

“I’ll	give	you	three	grand,	Roxie.	That’s	my	final	offer.”	His	piggy	lips	were wet	and	made	my	stomach	turn	as	he	spoke.

“I	told	you	no,	Roger.	Please,	abide	by	the	rules	and	leave	me	alone	now.”

“Who	do	you	think	you	are?	You’re	just	a	high-class	hooker;	who	are	you	to

tell	me	no?	I’m	Roger	Updike.	I	can	have	whoever, whenever	I	want.	In	fact,	go to	a	room	now.	I’ll	go	talk	to	Miss	Maples,	and	she’ll	set	you	straight.”	His	eyes had	lit	up,	and	his	fat	tongue	came	out	to	wet	already	slick	lips.	“Go	on,	do	what your	master	says,	bitch.”

“First	of	all,”	Roxie	said	as	she	rocketed	out	of	her	seat,	“I	told	you	to	leave me	 alone.	 Second	 of	 all,	 that’s	 not	 how	 any	 of	 this	 works.	 You	 don’t	 demand anything,	you	fat	fuck!	Lastly,	and	most	importantly,	I	already	have	a	protector;	I don’t	have	to	fuck	you	or	anyone	else.	I	wouldn’t	fuck	you	if	you	offered	me	a million	dollars,	much	less	your	measly	three	grand.	Now	fuck	off,	Roger.”

Her	voice	had	been	calm	as	she	spoke	to	him;	there	hadn’t	been	the	slightest bit	of	quiver	or	fear	in	her	tone	at	all.	She	was	sure,	confident,	and	calm,	which worked	to	make	her	words	even	more	cutting.	Roger’s	swollen	eyes	narrowed	as he	glared	at	her,	his	lips	pursed	even	tighter.	“What	the	fuck	did	you	just	say	to me,	whore?”

I	 stood	 then,	 unbuttoned	 my	 suit	 jacket,	 and	 intruded	 on	 the	 conversation.

“The	lady	said	to	take	a	hike,	buddy.”

“I’m	 not	 your	 buddy,	 and	 she’s	 not	 a	 lady.	 I’ll	 bend	 her	 over	 this	 table	 and take	what	I	want	if	she	doesn’t	start	to	act	right.”

He	was	going	to	say	more,	but	my	fist	connected	with	his	jaw,	and	his	head

snapped	 to	 the	 side.	 He	 hit	 the	 floor	 with	 a	 soft	 thud,	 and	 I	 buttoned	 my	 suit jacket	with	a	twist	of	my	head	to	loosen	my	neck.	“Get	out.	Now.”

“You	can’t	do	that,	I’m…”	He	choked	on	his	words,	and	his	eyes	went	round

because	 I’d	 leaned	 down,	 pushed	 him	 back	 with	 my	 open	 palm,	 and	 glared	 at him.

“I	said	stay	down.	When	Miss	Maples	arrives,	she’ll	explain	the	rules	to	you again.	Or	you	can	choose	to	leave	quietly,	now.	It’s	your	choice.”

He	mumbled	something	but	stayed	where	he’d	dropped.	I	sat	at	the	bar	and

waited	 for	 whatever	 fate	 decided	 to	 hand	 me.	 I	 didn’t	 have	 the	 authority,	 not really,	 to	 tell	 the	 man	 to	 get	 out,	 but	 he’d	 been	 rude,	 uncivil,	 and	 extremely obnoxious	to	Roxie.	I	couldn't	stand	it	anymore,	and	I’d	decked	him.

It	 didn’t	 take	 long	 before	 Miss	 Maples	 was	 in	 the	 bar	 and	 had	 escorted	 the man	 out.	 From	 the	 little	 I	 caught,	 she’d	 banned	 him	 from	 the	 place,	 and	 he wouldn’t	 be	 allowed	 back	 in.	 No,	 it	 didn’t	 matter	 who	 he	 was	 or	 who	 he	 was friends	with.	He	was	no	longer	allowed	into	the	place.	He’d	broken	far	too	many of	 the	 rules,	 all	 at	 once,	 and	 he’d	 accosted	 a	 protected	 female.	 That	 was	 the worse	violation	of	all,	to	her.

I	took	a	deep	breath	as	Roxie	sat	with	me	and	made	sure	her	hair	was	still	in place.	“I’m	sorry	you	had	to	do	that.”

“I’d	say	I’m	sorry	I	did	it,	but	I’m	not.	That	was	uncalled	for.	All	of	it.	And I’m	sorry	you	had	to	deal	with	it.”

“It	comes	with	the	job,	sometimes,	Dylan.	Even	Stephanie	will	have	to	deal

with	 it	 at	 some	 point.	 We	 all	 get	 it	 from	 these	 guys	 who	 think	 the	 world	 owes them	a	blow	job.”	She	crossed	her	left	leg	over	her	right	and	leaned	toward	me.

“The	world	is	an	ugly	place	for	women,	Dylan.	Remember	that.”

Her	eyes,	always	so	beautiful	and	full	of	life,	were	dull	now	and	filled	with pain	she’d	never	speak	of.	Not	to	me	anyway.	I	wanted	to	pat	her	hand,	or	kiss her	cheek,	some	way	to	give	her	human	contact	that	wasn’t	sexual,	but	I	didn’t want	to	upset	her	more.	I	held	myself	back	and	gave	her	a	commiserating	smile.

“I	can’t	pretend	I	understand	the	view	of	the	world	you’ve	been	given,	but	I know	plenty	of	jackasses.	I’m	sorry	you	have	to	deal	with	that	so	much.”

“Eh,	as	I	said,	it	comes	with	the	territory.”	I	saw	the	mask	go	back	into	place, and	 life	 came	 back	 into	 her	 eyes.	 “Not	 a	 big	 deal	 really,	 is	 it?	 Just	 a	 dick	 with something	to	prove.”

“He	 shouldn’t	 take	 that	 out	 on	 you.	 It’s	 just	 rude.”	 I	 straightened	 my	 suit jacket	and	reached	for	my	drink.	“It	must	be	shit	living	in	this	world	sometimes.”

“You	 wouldn’t	 believe	 how	 shit	 it	 can	 be.	 I	 was	 lucky.”	 She	 paused,	 as	 if afraid	to	say	the	next	words,	but	after	a	moment	of	appraisal,	she	decided	I	was worthy.	“I	ran	away	from	home.	You	can	guess	why:	drunk	mom,	drug	addicted

step-daddy;	it	wasn’t	nice.	I	slept	on	the	streets	for	a	while,	until	it	got	too	cold,

then	I	wound	up	at	a	strip	bar,	down	in	Charleston.”

“I	 had	 no	 idea.”	 She	 came	 off	 as	 a	 well-educated	 woman,	 with	 a	 good vocabulary	and	a	quick	intelligence	that	came	with	a	sharp	wit.

“I	worked	hard	to	go	to	school	when	I	could.	I	did	some	business	classes	and used	 the	 money	 I	 earned	 stripping	 to	 pay	 for	 it.	 Then	 I	 found	 out	 there	 was	 a difference	between	a	stripper	and	a	pole	dancer.	I	fell	in	love	with	that,	as	an	art form,	as	an	exercise,	and	well,	I	eventually	ended	up	here.”

She	didn’t	look	as	if	she	felt	sorry	for	herself,	but	she	did	look	pleased.	She’d had	a	lot	to	overcome,	and	she’d	done	it.

“Yeah,	 but	 why	 aren’t	 you	 an	 owner	 in	 this	 place,	 rather	 than	 a	 dancer?	 I mean,	I	know	you	still	do	competitions,	and	such,	but	why	aren’t	you	resting	on the	money	from	that?”	I	had	been	curious	for	a	while,	and	I	hoped	she’d	give	me an	answer	now.

“I	 am,	 actually.	 I	 own	 one-quarter	 of	 the	 business,	 Miss	 Maples	 owns	 half, and	we	have	an	investor	who	prefers	to	remain	hidden.	I	don’t	do	this	because	I have	 to,	 Dylan.	 I	 like	 the	 lifestyle	 I	 have,	 the	 arrangement	 I	 have	 with	 Freddy, and	 the	 way	 I	 live	 now.	 I’m	 not	 some	 put-upon	 angel	 in	 need	 of	 a	 savior.	 And neither	 is	 Stephanie,	 by	 the	 way.	 She’s	 here	 for	 the	 same	 reason	 as	 I	 am;	 she wants	to	be.”

“Are	you	sure	about	that?”	I	asked,	a	rare	moment	of	doubt.

I	 wasn’t	 the	 kind	 for	 second-guessing	 myself,	 but	 that	 was	 before	 I	 met Stephanie.	She	had	me	questioning	quite	a	bit	about	my	life.	I	wasn’t	sure	that was	a	good	thing,	but	that	was	how	it	was	at	the	moment,	so	I	didn’t	resist	too much.

Miss	Maples	made	her	way	into	the	bar,	a	mysterious	woman	in	a	dark	red

gown	who	would	have	suited	one	of	the	queens	of	the	silver	screen	early	days	of film,	but	it	fit	her	perfectly.	Every	curve	was	delectable,	and	the	lines	were	long and	sensual,	sure	to	hold	the	gaze	of	any	viewer.	She	sat	at	the	table,	uninvited, and	she	didn’t	care	a	whit	that	she	had	interrupted.

“Thank	 you,	 Dylan,	 for	 your	 restraint.	 Violence	 is	 prohibited,	 but	 in	 this case,	it	was	also	well-deserved.	I	appreciate	your	assistance.”

I	started	to	reply,	but	she	stood,	an	impish	smile	in	place,	and	left	me	to	stare

after	 her.	 A	 movement	 by	 the	 door	 caught	 my	 eye,	 and	 my	 body	 responded instantly	with	a	surge	of	desire.	Stephanie	was	back.





16

EMILY

I walked	up	to	him,	my	hips	swinging	seductively,	and	knelt	in	front	of

his	chair,	mask	in	place.	“I’m	home,	sir.”

I	 made	 sure	 my	 lips	 smiled	 prettily,	 and	 that	 my	 eyes	 were	 down,	 a	 sweet pose	of	submission	I’d	spent	the	day	practicing;	only	he	wouldn’t	know	that.

Mason	had	found	a	nanny	for	the	kids	now	that	Laura	was	out	of	the	woods,

and	I’d	come	home	early	this	afternoon.	I’d	spent	the	hours	preparing	myself	for him,	 for	 the	 man	 I’d	 dreamed	 about	 every	 night	 since	 I’d	 left	 him.	 I’d	 wanted this	to	be	perfect.	I’d	talked	to	Roxie	and	when	I’d	arrived	at	the	club	I’d	gone	in to	change	my	clothes	and	do	my	hair.

My	hair	was	easy,	it	fell	in	straight,	golden	sheets	down	my	back.	The	dress was	the	hard	part.	She’d	put	a	pure	white	satin	gown	out	for	me,	and	a	red	one, with	 a	 strapless	 top	 that	 would	 fit	 my	 form	 exactly	 because	 the	 fabric	 was stretchy.	I	chose	the	white	one	because	of	the	shimmer	and	the	purity	the	white symbolized.

I	decided	then	that	I’d	only	wear	white	when	I	was	with	him.	Until	I	was	no longer	a	virgin	that	is.	I	wanted	to	change	the	contract.	I	wanted	sex	to	be	a	part of	that	contract,	and	to	remove	the	article	about	no	penetrative	sex.	I	wanted	it	to be	him;	it	had	to	be	him.

Now,	 I	 sat	 in	 the	 soft	 material,	 sweet	 and	 innocent,	 yet	 naughty.	 I	 glanced over	and	saw	Roxie	give	me	a	wink	of	appreciation	as	she	left	the	table.	My	dark lover	 didn’t	 even	 notice	 she’d	 gone,	 he	 was	 so	 captivated	 with	 the	 picture	 I presented	him	with.

“Hello,	pet,”	he	said	softly,	and	a	shiver	crawled	down	my	spine	at	his	words and	the	seductive	tone	of	his	voice.	I’d	 really	 liked	that.

He	sat	up,	one	knee	on	each	side	of	me,	and	his	hand	came	down	to	feel	my

hair.	He	let	the	strands	play	through	his	fingers,	and	I	looked	into	gray	eyes	with a	challenge	in	mine.

“Hello,	Mr.	Dark.	I’ve	missed	you.”

Mr.	 Dark	 gave	 me	 a	 knowing	 smile	 as	 his	 fingers	 trailed	 down	 my	 jaw.	 I turned	my	head	into	his	hand,	and	he	lifted	my	jaw	to	bring	my	gaze	to	his.	The moment	was	gentle,	calm,	but	I	felt	my	heart	skip	a	beat	when	I	found	his	eyes full	of	pleased	happiness.

“I’ve	been	waiting	on	you.”	An	admission	I	hadn’t	expected,	but	it	filled	me with	delight.	If	I	had	a	tail	it	would	be	wagging	now.

“Shall	we	go	to	our	room?”	It	was	a	suggestion,	but	it	was	also	an	admission that	I	was	eager	to	be	alone	with	him.

He	held	out	his	hand	and	pulled	me	from	the	floor	to	follow	him	to	the	room.

I	waved	a	goodnight	to	Roxie	then	turned	back	to	him,	the	center	of	my	attention for	the	rest	of	the	night.	He	pulled	me	into	his	arms	and	pushed	me	against	the door,	and	I	opened	my	mouth	to	take	the	kiss	he	gave	me.	Eagerly,	our	tongues twined	together,	and	I	felt	desire,	familiar	now,	but	still	new	and	addictive,	rise within	me.

I	wanted	to	tear	his	clothes	off,	to	have	him	take	me	right	now,	here	in	a	wild moment	of	senselessness.	But,	he	pulled	away,	a	grin	on	his	lips.

He	dropped	his	suit	jacket	on	the	floor	then	tore	the	shirt	away	from	his	hard stomach	 and	 off	 of	 his	 arms,	 the	 buttons	 gone	 in	 every	 direction.	 My	 nostrils flared,	and	my	eyes	narrowed	as	I	looked	at	him.	My	fingers	ached	to	touch	him, but	he	stood	too	far	away.	He	caught	his	lip	between	his	teeth	and	gave	me	this look.

God,	I	desperately	wanted	him	to	fuck	me!	Again,	though,	he	danced	away,

and	 I	 could	 only	 sink	 against	 the	 door	 with	 a	 groan.	 “What	 are	 you	 doing	 to me?”

“I’m	enticing	you,	pet,	showing	you	what	you’ve	missed.	Don’t	you	want	to

see?”	 His	 hand	 traveled	 down	 his	 stomach	 to	 the	 buckle	 of	 his	 belt,	 and	 my

eyebrows	knitted	together.

“Yes,	yes	I	do	want	to	see.”	I	was	the	one	biting	a	lip	now	as	I	waited	for	the leather	belt	to	fly	from	its	loops	and	across	the	room.

“Let	 me	 touch	 you.”	 I	 asked	 softly,	 bewitched,	 and	 he	 came	 over,	 the	 top button	 of	 his	 trousers	 undone	 but	 not	 the	 zipper.	 Too	 much	 of	 a	 temptation	 to resist.

I	slid	my	hand	up	his	rigid	length	as	he	came	near,	a	hand	on	each	side	of	my head	 as	 I	 cupped	 him	 in	 my	 hand	 and	 sank	 to	 my	 knees.	 Eager	 to	 please,	 but more	eager	to	taste,	to	feel	desire	rocket	through	me	as	he	groaned	above	me,	his cock	grinding	into	my	mouth.	I	kissed	the	flat	plane	of	his	stomach,	and	our	eyes met	when	I	looked	up	at	him.

I	was	his	sole	focus,	the	center	of	his	world	now,	and	I	gave	him	a	wicked

grin.

“What’s	amused	you	so	much,	pet?”	he	asked,	his	finger	on	my	cheek.

“I’m	 just	 happy	 to	 be	 with	 you,	 sir.	 Happy	 to	 know	 you	 want	 your	 cock	 in my	mouth.”

I	felt	a	sense	of	power	when	I	saw	him	shiver,	his	eyes	on	my	face	as	I	undid the	zipper	of	his	pants.	He	didn’t	reply	now;	he	just	watched	me.	His	pants	fell from	his	body,	and	I	smiled	to	find	him	naked	and	ready	for	me.	I	lifted	a	hand, wrapped	my	fingers	around	him,	and	took	a	deep	breath.

He	 felt	 nice	 in	 my	 hand,	 heavy	 and	 hot,	 silky	 smooth	 and	 thick.	 My	 index finger	wouldn’t	meet	my	thumb,	he	was	so	thick,	and	I	knew	I	was	a	lucky	girl.

My	first	time	wouldn’t	be	with	a	small	man,	at	least.	If	he	let	me	have	my	way, that	is.	I	began	to	move	my	hand,	not	to	provoke	a	reaction,	but	just	to	feel	him, to	feel	the	miracle	that	was	the	human	body.

“Pet	…	what	are	you	doing?”	His	voice	was	shaky,	and	that	made	me	twinge

deep	inside,	a	secret	happiness	at	the	control	I	had	over	him	for	a	moment.

“I’m	pleasing	you,	sir.”	I	let	my	tongue	dance	along	the	length	before	I	spoke again.	“Don’t	you	want	me	to	please	you?”

I	blinked	up	at	him,	innocently,	coyly,	and	he	shuddered	with	excitement.

“Don’t	stop.”	He	wanted	more.	Good.	I	didn’t	want	to	stop.

“If	 that’s	 what	 you	 wish,	 sir.”	 The	 words	 came	 out	 as	 a	 sigh	 against	 his

length.	 I	 leaned	 forward	 then,	 dragged	 my	 tongue	 over	 the	 tip	 of	 him,	 and learned	his	shape	all	over	again,	before	I	took	another	deep	breath.

I	opened	my	mouth,	made	sure	my	lips	were	slick,	and	took	him	inside	my

mouth.

Mr.	 Dark	 sighed,	 and	 his	 fingers	 plunged	 into	 my	 hair	 when	 I	 took	 him deeper.	 I	 wasn’t	 an	 expert,	 but	 I’d	 watched	 some	 how-to	 videos	 once	 the	 kids were	asleep	and	practiced	the	technique	on	him.	He	went	deeper,	further,	and	his finger	 trailed	 a	 gentle	 caress	 along	 my	 jaw.	 Something	 about	 that	 was	 sensual, knowing	that	his	cock	was	in	my	mouth	as	he	touched	my	face.

“Have	you	been	practicing,	Stephanie?”	It	wasn’t	an	accusation,	just	a	simple question.

“Does	 it	 matter?”	 I	 wiped	 at	 my	 face	 and	 smiled,	 ready	 to	 continue, compliant,	and	quiet.

“No,	but	if	you	want	to	know	what	I	like,	how	to	make	it	really	good,	I	can guide	 you.”	 He	 waited	 for	 my	 reply,	 and	 I	 could	 tell	 he	 wasn’t	 judging,	 just asking	if	I	wanted	guidance.

“That	might	be	helpful.”

“Okay.”

“What	is	lesson	one?”	I	gripped	him	and	gave	a	soft	tug	that	was	still	firm enough	to	make	his	head	sink	back.

“Just	 like	 that,	 Stephanie.”	 I	 tightened	 my	 grip	 on	 him	 a	 little	 more	 and listened	to	the	way	his	breathing	changed.	“Do	you	want	my	mouth	on	your	cock now?”

“Not	yet.	Fuck,	don’t	stop.”	His	words	were	a	hiss,	and	I	felt	that	twinge	all over	again.

“You	just	tell	me	when	you	want	to	stick	your	cock	in	my	mouth,	sir,	and	I’ll let	you	in.”	That	was	really	just	a	tease	and	nothing	more.	I	was	getting	the	idea about	how	to	tease	a	man	into	passion.

His	 eyes	 cut	 down	 to	 my	 lips,	 and	 his	 fingers	 teased	 at	 them.	 “Open, Stephanie.”

That	was	definitely	a	command,	and	he	held	my	chin	as	I	opened	my	lips	for

his	entry.	My	tongue	snaked	out	to	lick	at	the	thumb	still	on	my	chin	as	I	moved

my	head	forward.

I	opened	my	lips	to	him,	and	he	moved	forward	to	thrust	into	my	open	mouth

with	 precision.	 He	 didn’t	 miss	 at	 all,	 and	 I	 closed	 my	 mouth	 around	 him	 but didn’t	move.	I	wanted	his	instructions.

“Now,	 suck	 me,	 Stephanie.	 Suck	 my	 dick.”	 At	 any	 other	 time,	 I’d	 have slapped	 him	 then	 shuddered	 at	 his	 crudity,	 but	 right	 now,	 it	 only	 enhanced	 the delight	I	felt,	my	desire.

I	pulled	my	cheeks	in	and	sucked	at	him	as	I	worked	my	way	up	his	length

and	let	my	tongue	cup	him	from	the	bottom.

I	placed	my	hand	at	the	base	of	his	cock,	circled	around	his	girth	to	hold	him in	place	as	I	went	back	down.	I	increased	my	pace	every	time	his	breath	hissed in	between	his	teeth	or	he	groaned,	until	I	heard	him	moan	and	fall	back	against the	door.	Then,	I	kept	doing	what	I	was	doing,	lost	in	the	sounds	he	made	in	the way	he	thrust	into	my	mouth.

Mr.	 Dark’s	 hips	 moved	 in	 time	 with	 my	 head,	 his	 thrusts	 not	 gentle	 at	 all.

He’d	lost	control,	and	he	moved	in	time	with	my	mouth’s	suction.

“Fuck.	Stephanie.”	My	lips	were	going	numb,	but	I	didn’t	care,	so	when	he

pulled	away,	out	of	my	mouth	way	too	quickly,	I	protested.

“Why	did	you	stop?”

“Later,	Stephanie.	I	want	to	look	at	you.”	I	was	confused	until	he	moved,	and I	stepped	back.	I	fell	onto	the	bed,	and	he	followed	me	until	he	reached	the	edge.

His	fingers	traced	up	my	legs	and	to	my	thighs.	“Open.”

I	thought	he	was	going	to	fuck	me,	to	finally	do	the	one	thing	I	wanted	most from	 him,	 but	 he	 didn’t;	 he	 just	 traced	 the	 insides	 of	 my	 thighs	 and	 pulled	 my hand	down	to	him	as	his	fingers	traced	my	folds.

He’d	 positioned	 himself	 at	 the	 side	 of	 the	 bed,	 and	 I	 soon	 figured	 out	 he wasn’t	 going	 to	 fuck	 me.	 Instead,	 his	 lips	 met	 the	 sensitive	 skin	 between	 my legs,	and	his	tongue	slid	along	me	until	he	found	just	the	right	spot.

“Fuck!	Oh	fuck,	that’s	it.	No,	fuck	no,	don’t	stop!”	He’d	found	my	clit	and paused,	 until	 I	 repeated	 fuck	 far	 more	 than	 I	 ever	 had	 before.	 Then,	 when	 I’d urged	him	on	enough,	his	tongue	flicked	at	me,	and	I	lost	every	thought	in	my head.	He	moaned	and	thrust	into	my	hand,	so	I	gripped	at	him,	not	really	paying

attention.

My	 nipples	 tightened,	 and	 I	 tugged	 at	 them	 with	 my	 empty	 hand	 which didn’t	ease	the	ache	at	all;	it	only	made	it	worse,	and	I	cried	out	in	frustration, my	hips	a	wild	wave	of	movements	as	his	tongue	fucked	with	my	head.

I	was	on	the	verge	of	an	orgasm,	I	knew	that	now;	he’d	taught	me	well	in	our short	 time	 together,	 and	 I	 held	 my	 breath	 as	 the	 pressure	 built	 inside	 of	 me.

Tight,	good,	it	felt	like	it	would	consume	me,	if	I	didn’t	soon	explode.	I	panted,	I mewled,	I	did	it	all	until,	at	last,	I	felt	that	rush,	the	flutter	that	soon	spread	to	my entire	body,	straight	up	to	my	brain.

I	 heard	 a	 grunt	 of	 satisfaction,	 but	 I	 didn’t	 care	 as	 again	 and	 again	 waves pulsed	through	me,	throughout	my	entire	body.	My	back	was	bowed,	my	nipples were	as	tight	as	they’d	ever	been,	and	my	pussy	absolutely	convulsed	within	me.

I	felt	as	if	I	was	about	to	turn	inside	out,	or	I’d	die,	but	it	was	too	good	to	stop.	I was	 not	 me;	 I	 was	 only	 what	 he	 allowed	 me	 to	 be,	 until	 I	 didn’t	 even	 think	 I existed	anymore.	I	just	was.

“Once	you’ve	recovered,	my	dear,	we	can	take	care	of	me.”

“You	smug	fuck!”	I	tried	to	say,	but	it	only	came	out	as	a	croak	of	laughter.	I rolled	the	arm	over	my	eyes	up	enough	to	glare	at	him	as	I	came	back	down	to earth.	His	succulent	lips	trailed	across	my	hot	thighs,	and	he	inhaled	my	scent, before	he	swiped	at	me	again	with	that	tongue	of	his	and	made	me	jump.	“Stop, you	bastard!”

He	laughed	as	he	got	up	and	came	to	rest	beside	me	in	the	bed.	“Aren’t	you

hurting?”

“I	 am,	 but	 I’ll	 live.	 I	 want	 you	 to	 be	 relaxed.	 I’ve	 missed	 you.”	 His	 nose pushed	into	the	soft	skin	of	my	neck,	and	he	kissed	me.	“I’m	glad	your	family	is better,	but	I	missed	you.”

Ah.	 I’d	 wondered	 what	 Roxie	 had	 told	 him.	 Mostly	 the	 truth	 apparently.

Good,	there’d	been	no	reason	to	lie.	He	rolled	over	into	me,	into	my	heat,	and	I felt	him	still	hot	and	hard	against	my	hip.

“I	think	we	need	to	take	care	of	this	problem	for	you.	It	looks	painful.”	I	slid down	his	body,	determined	to	finish	the	job	this	time.

“If	you	like.	As	much	as	I	want	that	pussy	of	yours,	as	much	as	I	want	to	be

buried	up	 to	 my	eyeballs	 in	 it,	I	 can’t	 be.	 We	have	 a	 contract	that	 says	 that’s	 a rule	we	can’t	break.	So	fill	your	boots.”

I	 closed	 my	 eyes	 as	 I	 took	 him	 into	 my	 mouth,	 the	 rigid	 length	 a	 scrape against	my	teeth.	I	opened	my	mouth	wider,	to	minimize	that,	and	he	sighed	in happiness.	 I	 opened	 my	 mouth	 more	 and	 took	 him	 deeper	 as	 he	 invaded	 my mouth.	A	shudder	passed	through	him	when	he	hit	the	back	of	my	throat,	and	I could	take	no	more.	I	tried	to	breathe	through	my	nose,	but	he	blocked	me,	and	I moved,	so	that	I	could	breathe.	I	wanted	to	take	all	of	him,	but	damn	if	he	wasn’t huge.

“Look	 at	 me,	 Stephanie.”	 I	 opened	 my	 eyes	 to	 see	 his	 glittered	 with	 an	 icy gray	fire.	What	was	that	look	in	his	eyes?	Was	it	the	look	any	man	had	when	a woman	sucked	his	cock,	or	was	there	something	more	there?

Would	 he	 be	 receptive	 to	 a	 longer	 contract?	 He	 wanted	 to	 fuck	 me,	 but	 he was	still	banging	on	about	the	contract.	Then	his	hands	were	in	my	hair,	over	my mask,	 and	 I	 needed	 to	 concentrate	 as	 Mr.	 Dark	 took	 control	 and	 began	 to	 fuck my	mouth	with	groans	of	pleasure.

I	pursed	my	lips	and	made	sure	my	teeth	were	out	of	the	way	as	he	lost	his

ability	to	go	slow	and	picked	up	the	pace.

I	found	that	if	I	squeezed	just	right,	the	pressure	of	my	thighs	would	create	a friction	 against	 my	 clit,	 and	 it	 felt	 good.	 With	 every	 single	 one	 of	 his	 gasps	 or groans,	that	pleasure	increased,	and	I	knew	I’d	soon	be	coming	along	with	him.

Our	 breaths	 came	 together,	 timed	 just	 right	 to	 synchronize,	 and	 the	 quick gasps	followed	the	pattern	of	his	hips	into	my	face.	We	weren’t	joined	together, this	 wasn’t	 what	 I’d	 had	 planned,	 but	 it	 was	 what	 was	 on	 offer,	 so	 I	 took.

Together	we	reached	for	the	release	that	we	both	craved.	I	just	didn’t	expect	to find	it	by	squeezing	my	thighs	together	while	I	sucked	his	cock.

My	brain	went	dark,	but	I	still	managed	to	not	bite	him	as	a	moan	broke	out of	 my	 throat.	 Mr.	 Dark	 must	 have	 taken	 that	 as	 a	 signal	 because	 I	 heard	 a	 low grunt	just	as	I	felt	a	surge	travel	the	length	of	him,	and	he	gave	a	low	shout	of release.	“That’s	it	Stephanie,	take	it	baby,	take	my	come.”

I	eagerly	swallowed	and	sucked,	even	as	I	felt	the	last	wave	of	pleasure	pass through	me.

He	 let	 it	 play	 out,	 and	 I	 didn’t	 pull	 away.	 Not	 until	 he	 pushed	 at	 my	 head, ready	for	me	to	stop	sucking	him	now.	I	moved	up	beside	him	and	sprawled	out.

“Fuck,	how	can	that	be	so	good?”

My	skin	was	flushed	hot,	and	I	could	feel	sweat	on	my	face	and	in	my	hair.	I was	too	hot	now,	and	I	was	glad	I	was	at	least	naked	now.	I	wasn’t	sure	when	or how	 that	 happened,	 but	 it	 had.	 The	 gown	 was	 on	 the	 floor,	 my	 shoes	 kicked away	somewhere.	“How	did	I	get	naked?”

“You	 tore	 the	 dress	 off	 and	 threw	 it	 away	 right	 before	 you	 sucked	 my	 dick the	first	time.	Then	your	underwear	went.	I’m	not	sure	when	you	took	those	off.”

He	laughed	and	looked	at	me,	his	face	tired.

“It	 doesn’t	 matter.”	 I	 sighed	 and	 just	 laid	 there,	 spent	 for	 the	 moment.	 And happy	to	be	back	with	him.	I	wanted	it	to	last	forever.





17

DYLAN

I woke	up	before	Stephanie	and	looked	in	the	fridge	for	some	orange

juice	but	didn’t	see	any.	I	dressed	and	went	out	to	the	bar	to	get	some.

I	came	back	in	quietly,	saw	she	was	still	asleep	in	bed,	and	poured	two	glasses	of the	cold	drink	before	going	back	to	the	bed.

I	 undressed,	 pulled	 back	 the	 covers,	 and	 slid	 into	 the	 sheets	 with	 her.	 This bed	 was	 much	 better	 than	 the	 one	 at	 my	 apartment,	 I	 thought	 as	 my	 muscles began	to	relax.	I’d	have	to	find	out	what	it	was	and	buy	one	for	myself.

I	turned	in	the	bed	and	brushed	Stephanie’s	hair	back	from	her	face.	I	wanted to	ask	her	for	a	longer	contract;	I’d	given	up	on	trying	to	talk	myself	out	of	it.

This	woman	was	more	than	just	a	fuck	I	could	forget	about.	She	had	class,	and she	 made	 me	 think.	 She	 also	 made	 me	 hard	 as	 fuck,	 and	 I	 wanted	 her.	 I	 just wanted	 to	 know	 how	 far	 I	 could	 push	 her	 before	 she’d	 break	 first.	 I	 needed	 to find	out	tonight,	so	I	brushed	at	her	cheek	until	she	woke	up.

“Hi,”	I	said	softly	once	she	woke	up	and	smiled	at	me.	Her	fingers	moved	to re-tie	the	mask,	but	it	had	barely	moved	at	all.

“Hi	 yourself,”	 she	 said	 while	 she	 moved	 her	 hands	 up	 to	 the	 mask.	 “I’m wasting	the	night	away,	aren’t	I?”

I’d	watched	her	with	interest	as	she	tied	the	ribbons	all	over	again.	I	wanted to	know	what	was	hidden	behind	that	mask.	To	see	all	of	her	face.

“You	needed	to	rest.	I’d	like	to	take	things	a	little	further	tonight,	if	you	don’t mind?	Do	you	remember	the	safe	words?”

Her	 face	 went	 still	 behind	 the	 mask,	 but	 there	 was	 curiosity	 in	 her	 eyes.

“Yellow	and	red.	Not	so	hard	to	remember.”

“Good.	Drink	this.	I	think	you’ll	need	it.”

She	 shifted	 in	 the	 sheets,	 and	 I	 felt	 her	 smooth	 leg	 slide	 up	 beside	 mine before	she	sat	up.	She	tucked	the	sheet	around	her	chest	and	reached	for	the	glass I	held	in	my	hand.	She	took	a	sip	and	licked	her	lips.	“What	do	you	have	planned then?”

I	 ran	 a	 hand	 up	 her	 silky	 skin,	 stopped	 at	 her	 shoulder,	 and	 studied	 her perfect	skin.	Creamy,	pale,	but	with	a	peach	tinge,	she	was	beautiful.	“I	want	to break	you,	pet.”

“Pardon?”	she	asked,	her	juice	forgotten.

“Drink	up.”	I	guided	the	glass	back	to	her	mouth.	“It’s	only	a	test,	one	that we	can	stop	at	any	time.”

“Alright.”	 She	 had	 no	 idea	 what	 she’d	 agreed	 to,	 but	 she	 was	 brave, interested;	I’d	give	her	points	for	that.

Once	she’d	finished	her	juice,	I	pulled	her	from	the	bed	and	guided	her	to	the memory	foam	rug,	pressed	her	down,	and	asked	her	if	she	was	ready.	“Do	you

need	to	go	the	bathroom,	have	an	itch	on	the	bottom	of	your	foot	maybe?	Once you’re	 in	 the	 restraints,	 I	 won’t	 let	 you	 out	 until	 you	 say	 the	 safe	 word,	 or	 we finish	for	the	night.”

She	 took	 a	 deep	 breath,	 thought	 about	 it,	 and	 smiled	 a	 wobbly	 smile.	 “I’m ready	to	begin.”

“Good.	Give	me	your	hands.”

“Yes,	 sir,”	 she	 said	 without	 prompting	 and	 gave	 me	 her	 hands,	 palms	 up.	 I lifted	them	over	her	head,	pulled	a	pair	of	handcuffs	from	the	bureau	beside	us, and	then	another	as	I	attached	each	hand	to	a	ring	on	the	wall.	I	pulled	her	hands to	test	how	far	she	could	move	and	stepped	back.

“How	do	you	feel?”	I	watched	her	face	for	signs	of	fear	or	anxiety,	but	she seemed	alright.

“I	 feel	 like	 I’ve	 always	 waited	 for	 you,	 sir.”	 I	 wasn’t	 expecting	 that	 much honesty,	 but	 it	 gave	 me	 hope	 that	 this	 wouldn’t	 end	 with	 her	 disappearing	 in tears.

Sometimes,	people	went	into	this	lifestyle	with	blinders	on,	and	I	needed	to

know	if	Steph	was	a	true	sub	or	not.	I	thought	she	was,	but	I	had	to	know.	“I’m going	to	start	with	a	feather,	okay?	And	we’ll	work	our	way	up.”

“Of	course,”	she	said	and	raised	her	head.	Her	feet	were	flat	against	the	floor, and	 her	 hands	 were	 over	 her	 head.	 I	 knew	 that	 her	 arms	 would	 begin	 to	 ache shortly,	that	the	pain	would	distract	her,	and	it	was	my	job	to	keep	her	attention for	now,	if	I	wanted	to	give	her	the	real	experience	she’d	said	she	wanted.

I	 ripped	 the	 plastic	 from	 the	 gaudy	 purple	 ostrich	 plume	 and	 pulled	 it	 from the	bag.	“This	is	just	to	gauge	how	sensitive	your	skin	is,”	I	told	her	as	I	ran	the feather	over	her	skin.	Goose	bumps	came	up	immediately,	and	she	took	a	deep breath.	Very	sensitive	to	touch	then.

“Very	good	so	far.”	I	wanted	to	kiss	her	but	held	back;	I	needed	to	explore her	further.	I	moved	the	feather	to	her	naked	breast,	firm	and	proud,	and	her	eyes closed	immediately.	“Alright.	I	want	to	try	something	else.”

Her	nipples	were	very	sensitive	indeed,	and	I	found	a	box	with	little	suction cups.	“I’m	only	going	to	leave	these	on	for	a	few	minutes.	If	it	hurts,	if	you	want me	to	stop,	you	know	that	you	can	say	it.	You	also	know	that	means	we’re	done for	the	night	and	play	will	stop.”

That	was	an	incentive,	to	make	sure	she	really	wanted	me	to	stop.	She’d	push herself	to	keep	going	past	her	limits	if	she	knew	it	would	all	end	and	not	make me	stop	at	a	moment	of	frustration	for	her.

She	 looked	 up	 at	 me,	 her	 hair	 around	 her	 shoulders	 and	 down	 her	 back.	 I loved	 the	 roundness	 of	 her	 hips,	 the	 tiny	 expanse	 of	 her	 waist,	 and	 how	 she looked	 cuffed	 to	 the	 wall.	 I	 was	 hard	 for	 her,	 too	 hard,	 but	 I	 knew	 this	 was	 a game	that	required	patience,	and	I’d	play	it	out.

I	 pinched	 a	 nipple	 suddenly,	 without	 any	 warning,	 and	 once	 it	 was	 hard,	 I placed	the	suction	cup	over	it.	I	did	the	same	with	the	other	and	then	went	down to	my	knees,	“Open.”

She	spread	her	knees,	but	she	looked	confused.	“What	are	you	doing?”

“Adding	 one	 to	 your	 clit.	 In	 about	 two	 minutes	 you’re	 going	 to	 start begging.”	I	pumped	the	nipple	suckers	a	little	more,	to	make	sure	they	stayed	on despite	 the	 pump	 hanging	 from	 her	 side,	 and	 then	 focused	 on	 the	 pump	 on	 her clit.	 This	 one	 had	 a	 vibrator	 attached,	 and	 I	 knew	 this	 would	 be	 tonight’s

torment.	“Now,	I	don’t	want	you	to	come;	do	you	understand,	Stephanie?”	Her cheeks	 were	 flushed	 already,	 and	 her	 head	 had	 that	 arrogant	 tilt	 I’d	 noticed before.	I’d	get	rid	of	that	arrogance	soon	enough,	but	only	temporarily.

When	 I	 turned	 on	 the	 vibrator,	 she	 began	 to	 tense	 up,	 but	 then	 she	 relaxed.

Another	notch	higher	and	her	breath	changed.	One	more	and	she	hissed,	and	her eyes	closed.	Perfect.	“Don’t	come,	Steph.	Be	a	good	girl	for	me,	or	I	will	spank you.”	I	ran	a	hand	down	her	back	and	gave	her	ass	a	light	slap,	openhanded,	so	I knew	 it	 would	 bring	 the	 blood	 to	 the	 skin.	 It	 would	 tingle	 and	 drive	 her	 mad because	she	couldn’t	soothe	it,	but	it	would	also	be	a	nice	burn,	if	she	liked	pain.

“I’m	 so	 hard	 for	 you,	 Stephanie.	 And	 you	 look	 so	 beautiful	 chained	 to	 this wall.	I	want	to	fuck	you	so	bad.	But	you	said	no,	and	no	it	is.”	I	put	a	finger	over her	lips.	“Don’t	speak,	unless	it’s	a	safe	word;	understand?”

She	 looked	 uncertain	 for	 a	 moment,	 but	 then	 she	 nodded	 in	 agreement.

“Good	girl.”

My	hand	moved	to	the	other	globe	of	her	ass	and	slapped.	Her	hands	pulled

at	the	cuffs	this	time,	her	back	arched,	and	she	moaned	loudly.	Oh	yes,	she	liked a	little	pain	with	her	pleasure.	“Feel	good,	pet?	Do	you	want	more?”

She	 nodded,	 and	 I	 slapped	 her	 red	 skin	 once	 more,	 only	 lightly,	 but	 just enough.	I	was	even	harder	now,	but	it	could	wait.	“And	now,	pet?	Do	you	want more?”

She	nodded	eagerly,	and	I	wondered	about	putting	a	ball	gag	in	her	mouth,

but	I	thought	that	might	be	too	much.	For	now.

I	 pumped	 up	 the	 suction	 on	 her	 nipples,	 and	 she	 gave	 a	 very	 loud	 moan.

“Don’t	come,	pet.”

A	 reminder	 that	 was	 also	 a	 punishment,	 because	 I	 also	 notched	 up	 the vibrating	sucker	on	her	clit.	She	opened	eyes	full	of	need,	pain,	and	ecstasy.	She was	loving	this	as	much	as	I	was.	I	came	up	close	to	her	and	ran	my	hand	along her	 bottom.	 I	 couldn’t	 see	 it,	 but	 I	 knew	 one	 would	 have	 my	 handprint	 on	 it.	 I slid	 my	 hand	 between	 the	 globes,	 down	 to	 the	 puckered	 entrance	 there.	 “And what	about	here,	pet?	Is	that	part	feeling	empty	too?”

Her	 eyes	 opened	 wide,	 shocked	 at	 my	 touch,	 but	 she	 only	 watched	 me.	 I knew	 her	 heart	 must	 be	 racing	 and	 checked.	 Yes,	 I	 could	 see	 the	 pulse	 in	 her

throat	 beating	 rapidly.	 I	 pushed	 my	 finger	 in,	 just	 a	 little,	 and	 her	 eyes	 closed, and	I	heard	a	closed-mouth	scream.	“Mr.	Dark.”

“Ah	 ah!”	 I	 admonished	 as	 I	 cranked	 up	 her	 nipple	 suckers	 until	 her	 hips twitched.	“No	speaking,	pet.”

She	groaned	in	frustration	and	pulled	at	the	restraints,	but	she	didn’t	give	up.

“Now,	 those	 suction	 cups	 can	 only	 stay	 on	 your	 nipples	 a	 little	 while	 longer, Stephanie.”

I	 ran	 my	 lips	 up	 her	 neck	 slowly,	 to	 speak	 into	 the	 back	 of	 her	 ear.	 “I’m going	to	explore	that	ass	of	yours	a	little	more	first.”

I	found	a	pack	of	lube,	slicked	up	a	finger	or	two,	and	slid	my	hand	down	the crevice	of	her	bottom,	until	I	found	my	goal.	“Open	your	eyes,	Stephanie.”

She	opened	her	eyes,	and	there	was	pain	now,	pain	from	her	shoulders,	from

her	frustration,	and	trying	not	to	speak	and	move,	and	I	could	see	it	was	fucking with	her	brain.	I	was	going	to	make	it	worse,	I	thought	with	a	little	glee.	I	wanted her	 to	 come,	 but	 only	 when	 I	 said	 she	 could.	 Only	 when	 I	 let	 her.	 I	 wanted	 to know	she	could	obey.

“You	didn’t	say	anything	about	your	ass,	my	dear.	I	have	to	assume	I	can’t

fuck	it	with	my	dick,	but	my	finger	can,	right?”	I	slid	it	into	her	heat,	only	up	to the	 second	 knuckle,	 just	 enough	 to	 make	 her	 gasp	 loudly	 before	 she	 clamped down,	trying	not	to	come.	Trying	very	hard	not	to	come	all	over	me	and	herself.

“Oh,	 look	 at	 you.	 Trying	 so	 desperately	 not	 to	 let	 go.	 You	 want	 to	 come	 don’t you,	pet?	You	want	me	to	shove	that	finger	don’t	you?”

I	could	see	it	in	her	gray	eyes,	she	wanted	it	very	much,	but	she	couldn’t	say it;	she	couldn’t	speak,	because	she	was	my	toy	for	the	moment,	and	she	knew	it.

Her	 breathing	 increased,	 and	 I	 saw	 the	 way	 her	 hips	 started	 to	 twitch	 when	 I began	to	jab	that	finger	in	and	out	of	her	ass,	and	I	knew	she	was	right	there.	Just on	the	precipice.

“You	 want	 to	 come	 desperately,	 don’t	 you,	 pet?”	 I	 growled	 low	 against	 her ear.	“Oh,	you	want	it	so	bad.	Almost	as	much	as	you	want	my	dick.”

Another	twitch	and	a	whimper.	She	looked	at	me,	her	eyes	full	of	frustrated tears,	her	lips	pressed	together	to	say	words,	safe	words,	and	I	thought,	perhaps, I’d	pushed	her	too	far.	I	waited,	but	she	took	a	deep	breath	and	closed	her	eyes.

This	was	it,	either	she’d	break	to	my	will	or	break	to	her	fears.	It	was	seconds away	and	her	choice	to	make.

Her	head	dropped,	at	last,	and	I	knew	I’d	won.	She	wanted	to	beg,	but	she’d just	 pushed	 into	 a	 new	 zone,	 a	 level	 many	 people	 couldn’t	 make	 it	 to.	 One	 of control	 that	 was	 about	 to	 snap,	 but	 still	 she	 held	 on.	 Because	 I’d	 told	 her	 to.	 I released	the	suction	on	her	cups	all	at	the	same	time	then	pulled	my	finger	from her	ass	as	I	stood	up.	She	looked	up	at	me,	tears	in	her	eyes,	but	she	didn’t	ask the	words	on	her	lips.

I	let	her	hands	down	from	the	cuffs	and	took	her	to	the	bed.	She	squirmed	as blood	rushed	around	to	parts	that	had	been	constricted	only	moments	ago,	and	I told	her	to	wait	while	I	cleaned	my	hands.	She	didn’t	complain;	she	just	waited until	I	came	back	and	made	sure	her	mask	was	still	in	place.	“Bend	over,	pet.”

She	 didn’t	 even	 hesitate.	 She	 bent	 over	 the	 bed,	 her	 ass	 at	 just	 the	 right height,	 and	 I	 ground	 myself	 into	 her	 heat	 for	 a	 moment.	 It	 felt	 so	 good,	 that pressure	and	her	damp	heat	on	my	cock,	but	I	pulled	away.	“No	vaginal	sex.”

I	turned	so	I	was	sideways	to	her	and	quickly	smacked	her	ass	on	both	sides, a	little	roughly,	and	my	reward	was	a	moan.	I	brushed	my	fingers	down	from	her ribs	then	back	to	her	ass.	Another	pop	of	my	hand,	another	moan,	but	this	time, her	hips	twitched.	“Do	you	know	why	I	denied	you	an	orgasm	just	then,	pet?”

She	shook	her	head	no,	and	I	smiled.	A	very	quick	learner.

“To	teach	you	to	control	yourself.	You	come	only	when	I	tell	you	to	come.”

“Yes,	sir,”	she	said,	and	I	lifted	an	eyebrow.	She’d	done	that	deliberately,	but it	was	her	job	to	provoke	me,	to	test	me.	A	very	sharp	slap	on	the	ass	this	time, and	she	hissed.

“No	speaking,”	I	admonished,	and	she	nodded.	“Good	girl.”

I	 bent	 then	 and	 opened	 her	 folds.	 With	 a	 rough	 grip	 on	 her	 thighs,	 I	 pulled that	 juicy	 pussy	 to	 my	 face,	 and	 sucked	 at	 her	 clit	 hard	 and	 fast.	 It	 was	 still sensitive,	 still	 on	 edge,	 and	 it	 took	 seconds	 to	 have	 her	 grinding	 on	 my	 face.

“Come	now,	Stephanie.”

And	so	she	did.





18

EMILY

“W ould	a	bath	be	in	order?”	he	asked	from	behind	me.	I	still

shook	 from	 the	 things	 he’d	 done,	 from	 the	 things	 he’d	 made

me	feel.

It	 hadn’t	 taken	 long,	 but	 then	 I	 was	 primed.	 I	 hadn’t	 seen	 him	 in	 days,	 and my	body	wanted	his	touch	more	than	anything	else	in	the	world.	I	hadn’t	known suction	cups	could	provoke	so	much	pleasure.	When	he’d	placed	the	first	one	on my	 nipple,	 I’d	 fought	 not	 to	 squirm.	 The	 second	 one	 had	 nearly	 done	 me	 in.

When	the	third	one	was	applied,	a	battle	began.

Then,	the	rest.	I’d	been	pushed	beyond	arousal	and	straight	into	a	new	world of	pleasure	so	quickly,	with	a	speed	I	didn’t	understand,	and	when	he’d	invaded me	 back	 there.	 A	 shiver	 shook	 me	 all	 over	 again,	 and	 I	 turned	 around.	 “Yes,	 I think	a	bath	is	just	what	I	need,	sir.”

He	 nodded	 and	 went	 to	 the	 bathroom.	 I	 heard	 the	 taps	 come	 on,	 and	 the bathtub	began	to	fill.	I	thought	about	what	I’d	said,	the	way	sir	came	off	of	my tongue	so	easily.	Readily,	even.	Was	it	because	I	didn’t	know	his	name?	Was	that what	made	it	so	easy?

“You’ll	have	to	take	off	your	mask,”	he	reminded	me	when	he	came	back	in.

I	 reached	 up	 for	 the	 cloth,	 unsure	 for	 a	 moment,	 but	 then	 I	 removed	 it.	 He looked	at	me,	took	in	a	deep	breath,	and	smiled.

“You’re	beautiful,	but	I	knew	you	would	be.”	His	fingers	traced	around	my

eyes	and	down	my	cheek.

“Thank	you.”	I	knew	I’d	rarely	been	photographed,	and	that	he	wouldn’t	be

likely	to	know	who	I	was,	so	I	decided	it	would	be	fine	for	him	to	know	my	face.

I’d	put	it	back	on	before	I	left	the	room,	however.

“Come,	 let	 me	 help	 you	 in.”	 He	 didn’t	 need	 to	 guide	 me	 to	 the	 tub,	 but	 he did.

I	sank	into	the	water	with	a	deep	sigh.	Sore	muscles	relaxed,	and	the	steam made	me	sleepy.	I	slid	down	until	only	my	head	was	out	of	the	water	in	the	deep, antique	porcelain	tub.	He	sat	on	a	stool	beside	me,	and	I	held	my	hand	out	to	his.

For	 a	 moment,	 my	 bottom	 remembered	 where	 those	 hands	 had	 been	 and what	he’d	done.	Was	it	penetrative	sex,	what	he’d	done?	I	was	sure	it	was,	but	I wouldn’t	argue	it.	It	had	felt	too	good	to	protest,	and	it	wasn’t	like	he’d	got	off inside	me.

That	 made	 me	 wonder	 …	 we	 hadn’t	 had	 time	 to	 talk	 about	 contracts,	 but maybe	later.	Right	now,	I	wanted	to	know	he	was	pleased	with	me.

“Can	I	do	anything	for	you,	sir?”	I	asked,	and	I	stared	up	at	him	wide	eyed.	I wanted	 to	 look	 as	 innocent	 as	 possible,	 because	 he	 seemed	 to	 react	 to	 it instinctively.	My	inexperience	excited	him,	and	that	excited	me.

“Later.	For	now,	just	relax,	Stephanie.”

I	heard	music	beginning	to	play	and	saw	he’d	turned	a	small	mp3	player	on

that	rested	on	a	shelf	in	the	large	bathroom.

Before	 long,	 he	 began	 to	 move	 around,	 and	 he	 ducked	 my	 head	 under	 the water	to	wet	my	hair.	He	massaged	a	beautifully	scented	shampoo	into	my	hair, before	 he	 gently	 rinsed	 it	 away.	 After	 that,	 he	 scrubbed	 me	 down	 with	 a washcloth	 and	 made	 sure	 every	 part	 of	 me	 was	 clean.	 When	 I	 got	 out,	 he wrapped	me	in	a	warm,	fluffy	white	towel	that	reached	down	to	my	calves.

“I	haven’t	forgotten,	Stephanie,”	he	said	as	he	pulled	me	out	of	the	bathroom.

“Forgotten	what,	sir?”	I	wasn’t	sure	what	he’d	meant.

“I	haven’t	finished.	But	I	will.”	He	led	me	to	the	bed,	and	I	crawled	up	on	it to	spread	out	naked	to	his	eyes	only.

“I	 will	 not	 fuck	 you,	 my	 lovely,	 but	 I	 will	 make	 us	 both	 come.”	 His	 slim fingers	 trailed	 down	 my	 flat	 stomach,	 down	 my	 bare	 pubis,	 and	 slid	 into	 my folds.	My	heart	sped	up	as	I	watched	his	fingers	move	along	my	skin.	When	his finger	teased	my	slick	entrance,	my	eyes	opened	wide	and	lost	focus.

I	gave	a	ragged	moan,	and	Mr.	Dark	moved	his	tongue,	a	wet	slide,	over	my pale	pink	nipple.	I	felt	his	tongue	rasp	at	the	tip	again,	and	I	began	to	purr.	Mr.

Dark	scraped	his	teeth	against	me	gently,	his	lips	on	my	nipple,	a	delight	I	could not	resist.

He	moaned,	and	he	pressed	his	cock	into	my	slim	hips	to	coax	me	to	explore

him,	to	explore	his	needs.	My	hand	fluttered	down	to	his	cock,	and	he	gasped	as I	found	him,	and	his	eyes	closed	as	his	cock	grew	even	harder	in	my	hand.

I	sighed	my	own	pleasure	and	smiled	when	Mr.	Dark	glanced	up	at	me.	His

fingers	 moved	 down	 between	 my	 thighs,	 where	 he	 started	 to	 tease	 at	 me,	 to circle	around	the	entrance	that	he	knew	I	wanted	him	to	explore.

My	hips	began	to	circle	in	the	same	pattern,	and	he	matched	his	pace	to	the pace	 of	 my	 hips.	 I	 wanted	 to	 fall	 back	 and	 enjoy	 the	 moment,	 but	 I	 knew	 he hadn’t	received	his	own	pleasure	yet.	It	wasn’t	fair	that	I’d	come	so	much,	and so	hard,	but	he	hadn’t	had	anything	yet.

We	had	set	rules,	though,	and	he’d	made	that	one	rule	his	own.	He	would	not penetrate	me,	at	least	vaginally,	and	he	had	no	intention	of	breaking	that	rule.	He soon	 distracted	 me	 from	 my	 thoughts	 when	 he	 leaned	 over	 to	 kiss	 me,	 and	 my eyes	 closed.	 There	 was	 only	 the	 faint	 light	 from	 the	 bathroom	 to	 guide	 our hands,	but	it	was	enough.

“I	need	to	be	inside	of	you,	Stephanie.	I	want	it	so	much.	But	you	made	it	a rule.”	He	gasped	out	the	words	and	brought	my	attention	to	him	again.	“I	need	to feel	 your	 heat	 around	 me,	 the	 way	 your	 slick	 walls	 will	 grasp	 at	 me,	 but	 not tonight.	Fuck,	not	tonight.”

“Do	you	want	my	mouth?”	I	asked	and	made	to	move.

“No,	I	need	to	make	you	come,	to	make	you	want	my	dick	inside	of	you,	to

make	you	beg	for	it.”

With	a	low	growl,	he	moved	and	pushed	me	back	as	he	fell	to	the	floor	to	his knees.	 I	 gasped	 when	 his	 teeth	 grazed	 my	 clit	 softly,	 and	 my	 hips	 jerked	 up	 to meet	his	touch.

“Mr.	 Dark,	 I	 already	 want	 you	 to	 fuck	 me,”	 I	 gasped	 out	 above	 him,	 but	 it didn’t	come	out	right.	The	sound	of	my	voice	turned	into	a	low	moan,	and	my back	arched.	My	hips	moved	of	their	own	will,	and	my	fingers	buried	in	his	hair.

His	tongue	danced	on	me	there,	hot	and	wet,	an	indescribable	feeling	that	I didn’t	 want	 to	 end.	 I	 knew	 it	 would	 lead	 to	 more	 pleasure,	 but	 right	 now,	 that sensation	of	his	tongue	on	me	was	enough;	it	was	too	good	to	turn	away.	Then he	took	it	a	step	further.

Mr.	 Dark	 sucked	 my	 clit	 hard	 and	 fast,	 and	 it	 reminded	 me	 of	 the	 suction cups,	the	way	the	vibration	added	to	the	sensation,	and	I	didn’t	care	if	I	looked stupid	or	not.	I	bucked	against	his	face	and	pressed	my	shoulders	into	the	bed	to feel	more,	to	have	more.

“Fuck,	 that	 feels	 so	 good.”	 I	 didn’t	 know	 my	 words	 would	 require	 a response.	They	were	just	words,	something	I’d	said	without	really	meaning	to.

“Just	 imagine	 what	 it	 would	 feel	 like	 with	 my	 thick	 cock	 inside	 of	 you, Stephanie.	 How	 full	 you’d	 be,	 every	 nerve	 touched,	 fucked,	 as	 your	 clit	 is sucked.	I	could	put	all	of	those	delightful	little	cups	on	your	body	while	I	fuck your	tight	little	pussy.”

His	 finger	 had	 replaced	 his	 mouth,	 but	 it	 wasn’t	 as	 good.	 I	 needed	 that suction	 of	 his	 mouth.	 I	 wanted	 to	 demand	 he	 give	 it	 back,	 but	 I	 knew	 I’d	 be punished	if	I	did.	I	heard	the	dare	in	his	voice.

“I’m	going	to	fuck	you	so	hard	soon	enough,	Stephanie.	I’m	going	to	get	my

cock	in	you,	and	I’m	going	to	ride	you	until	you	can’t	take	anymore.”	Then	he went	back	to	my	clit,	and	his	tongue	flicked	at	the	button,	stabbed	at	it,	until	I couldn’t	hold	on	anymore	and	totally	abandoned	all	dignity.

“Do	it,	Mr.	Dark,	fuck	me,	please;	oh	god,	just	fuck	me.”	I	had	no	idea	what it	 would	 feel	 like,	 but	 the	 way	 he	 described	 it,	 the	 way	 I	 ached	 in	 there,	 for something	more,	I	knew	it	would	be	all	I	wanted	it	to	be.

He	dug	into	the	globes	of	my	ass	with	his	fingers,	to	add	an	edge	of	pain	to my	pleasure.	I	gasped,	that	sting	just	enough,	almost.	A	little	more	…	and	I	was off.

I	 began	 to	 contract	 around	 him,	 my	 thighs	 clamped	 against	 his	 head,	 and	 I groaned	 loudly	 as	 my	 body	 twisted	 in	 relief.	 He	 went	 with	 it,	 his	 fingers	 still tight	on	my	ass	as	I	begged	for	more	in	my	mind.

“Please...”	 I	 begged	 for	 more,	 for	 all	 of	 it,	 the	 whole	 Mr.	 Dark	 experience, but	 he	 wouldn’t	 budge.	 His	 tongue	 stayed	 in	 place,	 until	 I	 finally	 slumped

against	the	bed.	Fulfilled	but	still	empty.

“I’ll	 give	 you	 this	 much,	 Stephanie.”	 He	 pulled	 me	 to	 his	 hips,	 his	 cock trapped	between	us,	and	I	felt	him	slide	through	the	slippery	silk	of	my	body.

Instinct	made	me	tilt	my	hips,	made	me	twist	to	try	to	take	him	inside	of	me, but	he	growled	and	grasped	at	my	hips.	“Stay	still	or	I’ll	stop,	turn	you	over,	and spank	you,	Stephanie.”

I	went	still	and	waited.	I	could	tell	from	the	tightness	of	his	jaw	and	the	way his	teeth	barely	opened	that	he	was	about	to	lose	control.	His	cock	nudged	at	my opening,	and	he	groaned	with	frustration.	So	close,	just	a	tilt,	and	he’d	be	inside of	me.	But	he	moved	and	started	a	slick	pace,	slow	at	first,	but	faster	as	he	found a	rhythm	he	liked.

“Tell	 me	 how	 much	 you	 want	 it,	 pet.”	 He	 moved	 his	 hips,	 the	 head	 of	 his cock	barely	there,	just	a	pressure	that	was	almost	inside	of	me,	and	my	fingers grasped	at	the	bed	covers.	A	quick	thrust	and	he’d	be	inside	of	me,	but	his	eyes pinned	me	in	place.	I	didn’t	dare	move,	not	with	that	look	in	his	eye.	“Tell	me pet.	Tell	me	how	you	want	me	to	fuck	you.”

“I	 want	 you	 hard	 and	 fast,	 Mr.	 Dark.	 I	 want	 you	 to	 fuck	 me	 like	 men	 fuck women	 in	 those	 videos.	 Deep	 and	 slow,	 hard	 and	 fast,	 I	 want	 it	 all,	 so	 long	 as you	 fuck	 my	 pussy	 until	 I	 can’t	 walk	 the	 next	 day.	 Can’t	 you,	 just	 this	 once?

Please,	Mr.	Dark,	just	fuck	me!”

He	pushed	his	cock	a	little	deeper,	just	the	head,	until	I	felt	my	walls	give, only	a	little.	I	gasped	and	moaned,	excited	because	I	thought	he’d	finally	given in,	that	he	was	about	to	do	it.

“Do	you	know	how	much	I	want	that,	pet?	To	be	inside	of	you.”	He	gasped

when	 I	 inhaled	 sharply.	 The	 motion	 caused	 me	 to	 move	 down	 on	 him,	 just	 a centimeter.	“But	no,	the	contract	must	be	honored.”

He	 pulled	 away	 from	 me,	 out	 of	 the	 minute	 part	 of	 me	 he’d	 entered,	 just enough	to	know	what	it	would	feel	like,	and	moved	up	beside	of	me.	He	leaned up	on	his	arm	and	looked	down	on	me	as	he	stroked	his	cock.

“I	 think	 I’d	 be	 inside	 of	 you	 24-7	 if	 it	 wasn’t	 for	 that	 contract,	 pet.”	 He paused	to	inhale	through	his	teeth	as	pleasure	took	him.	“I	have	the	most	filthy fantasies	about	you,	Stephanie.	All	day	long,	I	think	about	how	I’d	like	to	fuck

you	 over	 my	 bed	 or	 over	 a	 desk.	 I	 think	 about	 how	 you’d	 clamp	 down	 on	 me when	you	come,	ever	so	prettily	for	me.”

His	eyes,	so	close	to	mine,	were	glazed	with	his	need,	with	the	pleasure	he was	 giving	 himself	 as	 he	 stroked	 at	 his	 length.	 I	 knew	 he	 just	 needed	 a	 little more	to	set	him	off.

“How	would	you	fuck	me	the	first	time,	Mr.	Dark?	Tell	me?”	I	ran	a	finger

down	his	chest	and	spoke	into	his	ear	in	a	whisper.	My	fingers	found	a	nipple, and	I	tweaked	it,	just	a	little.	I	figured	if	it	felt	good	to	me,	it	might	to	him.	A moan	 of	 enjoyment	 told	 me	 I	 was	 right.	 “Maybe	 I’d	 have	 you	 on	 your	 knees first,	taking	my	cock	as	I	fuck	you	hard	and	fast.	Your	breasts	would	grind	into the	 mattress,	 teasing	 your	 nipples	 as	 I	 pounded	 into	 you.”	 He	 paused,	 and	 I watched	a	shudder	go	through	him.	Almost	there.

“Tell	me	more,	Mr.	Dark,”	I	panted	the	words	and	felt	my	body	responding

to	him	all	over	again.	His	pleasure	turned	me	on,	and	I	wanted	all	of	it.	I	wanted to	watch	him,	to	see	what	happened	when	a	man	got	off.

“You’d	take	my	cock	so	well.	Even	as	a	virgin,	I	can	tell	your	pussy	would

be	 hungry	 for	 me.	 And	 I’d	 give	 it	 every	 inch	 it	 wanted.	 You’d	 be	 such	 a	 good fuck,	pet.	You’d	take	my	cock	like	the	good	girl	you	are,	and	you’d	milk	it	dry;	I just	know	you	would.”

One	 more	 thrust	 and	 his	 mouth	 opened,	 and	 his	 eyes	 went	 wide.	 Almost there.	My	eyes	shifted,	from	his	face	to	his	cock	and	back	again.	I	wanted	to	see it	all.	I	bit	my	lip	and	stayed	quiet	as	he	began	to	speak	again.

“Fuck	 you’re	 beautiful,	 pet.”	 He	 breathed	 the	 words	 as	 he	 fisted	 his	 cock harder,	faster,	but	almost	as	if	he	wasn’t	aware	what	he	was	doing	at	all.	His	eyes were	glued	to	mine.

“Come	for	me,	sir.”	It	was	a	request,	not	a	demand,	and	he	made	this	sound

in	the	back	of	his	throat	like	I’d	said	the	most	erotic	thing	ever.

“You	want	to	watch	me,	pet?”	he	asked,	his	hand	now	a	blur.	“Promise	you’ll be	 mine.	 Promise	 I’m	 the	 only	 one	 who	 gets	 that	 pussy,	 that	 it’s	 mine,”	 he growled	as	he	worked	himself	a	little	harder,	and	I	glanced	down,	enthralled	with how	dark	his	cock	was.

“It’s	 yours,	 Mr.	 Dark,	 only	 yours!”	 I	 watched	 as	 the	 first	 jet	 of	 his	 come

exploded	from	his	cock.	It	shot	onto	my	belly,	a	warm	surprise.	Over	and	over, he	 released	 a	 flood	 on	 me,	 and	 somehow	 this	 was	 even	 more	 erotic	 than	 when he’d	come	in	my	mouth.

How	would	it	feel	to	have	him	do	that	inside	of	me?	I	was	dying	to	know.





19

DYLAN

T he	next	morning,	I	got	out	of	bed,	had	a	shower,	and	ordered	some

breakfast	 for	 us	 both.	 I	 slid	 into	 the	 bed	 in	 fresh	 pajamas	 and	 pulled Stephanie	into	my	arms.	I	smiled	as	she	protested	and	knew	I’d	made	the	right decision.

“Wake	 up,	 pet.	 I	 want	 to	 talk	 to	 you.	 I	 have	 coffee	 for	 you	 and	 food.”	 She turned	in	my	arms,	warm	from	her	sleep,	and	protested	again.

“But	I	want	to	sleep,”	she	mewled,	and	I	laughed	again.

“No,	enough	sleep.	Come	on,	come	join	me.”	Her	face	was	against	my	neck,

and	her	lips	felt	really	nice	there,	but	I	had	an	offer	to	make,	and	she	needed	to be	awake	for	it.

“Fine,”	she	said,	a	little	petulant,	but	softened	it	with	a	smile.	I	let	it	pass	and went	to	the	table	with	her.

It	 was	 only	 a	 small	 table	 with	 two	 white	 chairs,	 and	 we	 each	 took	 a	 seat.

“What	do	you	want	in	your	coffee?”

“Just	cream.”	The	words	were	garbled	on	a	yawn	as	she	scrubbed	at	her	face

with	her	hands.	“Nothing	else.”

“There	 you	 go.”	 I	 set	 it	 in	 front	 of	 her	 and	 began	 to	 eat	 the	 breakfast	 I’d ordered.	 Hash	 browns,	 bacon,	 toast,	 and	 scrambled	 eggs.	 I’d	 ordered	 a	 variety because	I	didn’t	know	what	she’d	want.	There	was	even	glazed	doughnuts,	if	she wanted	those.

I	wasn’t	surprised	when	she	picked	one	up	and	began	to	eat.	She’d	pinch	a

bite	off	and	pop	it	into	her	mouth,	her	eyes	glued	to	the	plate.	I	knew	it	was	just

because	her	brain	hadn’t	kicked	in	yet,	and	I	waited	as	she	slowly	ate.

Eventually,	 her	 eyes	 came	 up	 to	 me,	 and	 she	 smiled.	 Her	 hair	 was	 crazy, tangled	and	spiky	in	places,	but	she	was	still	beautiful.	“Good	morning.”

“Good	morning,	Stephanie.	Are	you	ready?”

She’d	finished	one	cup	of	coffee	and	poured	another	with	a	deep	breath.	“I

think	so.”

“Good.	Now…”	I	paused	to	draw	a	stack	of	paper	from	the	trolley	the	food

had	come	on	and	two	pens.	One	red,	one	black.	“This	is	a	new	contract.	One	I hope	you’ll	accept.”

“Let	me	see.”	She	pulled	the	papers	over	to	her	and	began	to	read.	Her	brows knitted	together,	and	I	handed	her	the	red	pen.

“If	there’s	something	you	disagree	with,	then	cross	it	out	with	this	pen.”

She	clicked	the	pen	and	began	to	cross	things	out.	So	much	I	thought	there

wasn’t	much	point	in	the	contract.	Until	I	noticed	what	she’d	crossed	out	exactly.

“Tell	me	what	you	think,”	I	said	once	she’d	finished.

“You	said	you	didn’t	do	contracts	for	longer	than	three	days.”	Caught	in	the lie	I	hadn’t	told	yet.	I’d	planned	to	tell	her	I	did	sometimes,	but	I	couldn’t	lie	to her.	Something	in	me	wouldn’t	allow	it.

“You’re	different,	that’s	all	I	can	say.”	It	was	an	admission	I	hadn’t	wanted	to make,	 but	 she	 forced	 it	 out	 of	 me	 with	 those	 eyes	 that	 saw	 everything,	 even	 if they	didn’t	always	announce	what	they’d	seen.

“I’ll	 accept	 that.	 Are	 you	 sure	 two	 weeks	 isn’t	 too	 long?”	 Those	 amazing eyes	caught	mine,	and	I	felt	like	a	bug	under	a	microscope.

“It	might	be,	but	I’m	confident	we’ll	fill	the	time	well.”	She	made	a	note	on the	paper	with	a	black	pen.	“Are	you	sure	you	want	to	add	that?”

“What?	The	get	out	of	jail	free	card?	Yes.	You	might	get	bored.”	She	smiled, but	there	was	a	sadness	to	it.

“Alright.	 But	 I	 don’t	 think	 a	 week	 is	 long	 enough.	 Two	 weeks	 should	 be sufficient.”	 I’d	 fuck	 her	 six	 ways	 to	 Sunday	 and	 get	 her	 out	 of	 my	 system.	 I’d hoped.

“Shall	I	change	it	back	to	two	then?”	Her	eyes	bored	into	mine,	and	I	smiled, enamored	with	her	charm.

“Yes,	pet.”

“Alright.	 Now,	 this	 part	 where	 we	 meet	 at	 your	 house.	 Are	 you	 sure	 about that?”	Again,	her	eyes	were	on	mine	and	I	couldn’t	look	away.

“I’d	 rather	 be	 in	 my	 home	 when	 I	 fuck	 you	 the	 first	 time,	 Stephanie.	 Not here.	If	that’s	alright	with	you.”

“Well,	 I’m	 not	 sure	 about	 that,	 to	 be	 honest.	 Being	 here	 gives	 me reassurance,	if	I’m	honest.	Not	that	I	think	you’ll	chain	me	up	and	never	let	me go.	But	here,	there’s	added	safety.”	She	looked	away,	and	I	knew	it	was	an	issue of	trust.	Fuck,	how	would	I	get	around	that?

“Would	you	feel	safer	at	your	home?	I	really	think	your	first	time	should	be in	a	more	personal	place	than	what	amounts	to	a	brothel,	if	we’re	honest	about it.”	I	was	a	little	impatient,	but	I	forced	myself	to	reel	it	in.	“I	think	you	deserve more	than	this,	Stephanie.”

I	 leaned	 over	 the	 table	 and	 placed	 my	 hand	 over	 hers.	 I	 needed	 to	 reassure her,	and	touch	always	worked	best	on	her.

“I’m	not	sure	about	my	place	either.	Like	I	said,	I	feel	safer	here.	No	matter what	it	really	is.”

I	didn’t	point	out	the	rooms	were	sound-proofed,	and	no	one	would	hear	her

scream	if	she	actually	screamed	for	help.	This	was	an	issue,	one	I	hadn’t	realized would	be.	I	didn’t	want	to	take	her	virginity	in	a	brothel,	and	she	was	afraid	to leave	it.	What	to	do.

“We	can	work	on	that	later	then.	What	else	do	you	object	to?”	I	waited	for

the	next	objection	as	her	eyes	traveled	down	the	page.

“I	don’t	want	your	money.”	She	looked	me	right	in	the	eye	when	she	said	it.

“That	is	a	grotesque	amount,	and	if	I’m	honest,	I’ve	never	wanted	money.	I	only took	it	because	it	was	part	of	the	deal	here.	The	house	takes	a	cut	of	it.”

“Then	donate	it	to	a	charity.”	Solved	simply	enough,	I’d	thought.

“I’m	not	sure	I	should	donate	money	I’ve	earned	on	my	back	to	charity.”	She looked	ruffled	about	that,	and	I	knew	I	could	handle	this	one.

“Then	I’ll	do	it	for	you.	Just	tell	me	which	charity	you	want	the	money	to	go to.”	I	smiled	blandly.

She	looked	up,	her	left	brow	crooked	and	her	lips	pursed.	“No,	you	don’t	get

it.	I	don’t	want	money	to	fuck	you,	sir.	Any.”

“Oh?”	Now	I	was	confused.

“I	don’t	want	to	feel	like	your	whore,	sir.	I	want	to	feel	like	your	sub.	Money makes	me	feel	like	I	have	to	perform,	put	on	a	show.	And	for	that	many	zeroes,	it would	 have	 to	 be	 some	 show.	 I	 don’t	 want	 that.”	 She	 scratched	 at	 the	 number again,	over	and	over,	until	the	red	ink	obscured	the	black	numbers.

“Fine.	 No	 money,	 then.”	 I’d	 still	 donate	 something	 to	 the	 charity	 she’d started	to	write	on	the	paper	and	crossed	out.

“And,	 I’m	 not	 sure	 about	 this…”	 I	 saw	 what	 she’d	 pointed	 at	 and	 lifted	 an eyebrow.

“Are	you	serious?”	Considering	where	we	were,	I	was	a	bit	surprised	at	her

objection.

“I	don’t	mind	if	you	see	my	face,	but	I	don’t	want	anyone	else	to.	I	won’t	go out	to	a	place	like	that	without	a	mask.”	She	had	set	her	jaw	and	looked	me	dead in	the	eye.	I	knew	she	wouldn’t	budge	on	that.

This	only	made	me	suspicious	that	she	came	from	a	very	wealthy	family,	one

that	she	wanted	to	protect.	“Alright	then.	We’ll	go	in	disguise.	Make	a	game	of it.”

“I	can	agree	to	that.”	She	smiled	and	relaxed.

It	 was	 a	 different	 club,	 one	 that	 was	 much	 wilder	 than	 this	 place,	 and	 I wanted	to	take	her	to	show	her	the	many	levels	of	submission,	to	see	if	she	found a	new	one	she	wanted	to	explore.

“And	this?”	she	asked	with	a	lifted	eyebrow.	It	was	easier	to	see	without	the mask,	 and	 they	 were	 a	 golden	 color,	 so	 not	 invisible	 as	 some	 natural	 blondes were.

“You	 don’t	 want	 group	 sex?”	 I	 wasn’t	 surprised	 about	 that,	 but	 a	 little disappointed.

“Not	with	other	men.	No	penetration,	at	all,	from	other	men.”	She	paused,	as if	to	think	about	it.	“Not	right	now,	anyway.”

“Remember,	Stephanie,	if	it	goes	in	the	contract,	it	stays,”	I	warned	her	with a	firm	voice.	“We	don’t	change	anything	that	we	put	in	here.”

Her	 cheeks	 flamed	 red,	 and	 she	 pulled	 her	 bottom	 lip	 in	 between	 her	 teeth.

“Hmm.”

“Leave	it	in	then?”

“Let’s	 add	 the	 words	 ‘may	 or	 may	 not’.	 I’d	 like	 to	 keep	 that	 possibility open.”

“That’s	 fine	 then.”	 I	 wouldn’t	 push	 her	 into	 anything	 like	 that,	 but	 if	 the opportunity	presented	itself,	well,	I	didn’t	want	her	to	miss	anything.	I’d	planned to	open	a	new	world	to	her.

“And	this?”	I	didn’t	have	to	look.

“Birth	control	will	be	used.	I	was	careless	last	night,	but	that	won’t	happen again.	I	don’t	want	you	saddled	with	a	child	from	an	experiment	you	wanted	to engage	in.	It’s	not	fair	to	you.”

“Thank	you.”	I	could	see	she	hadn’t	really	thought	about	the	consequences	of what	we	would	soon	do,	if	she	agreed	to	sign	the	contract,	but	was	now.	“I	think you’re	right.	This	is	only	for	two	weeks.	It’s	not	a	marriage	contract.”

“Not	at	all.	You	shouldn’t	have	to	pay	a	price	for	it.	That	ensures	I	keep	my promise	to	not	burden	you	in	such	a	way.”

“Thank	 you,”	 she	 said	 again,	 then	 she	 read	 through	 the	 rest	 of	 it.	 “I’m	 fine with	this.	I	want	to	take	it	deeper,	and	like	you,	I	don’t	want	to	deal	with	blood.	I would	like	to	add	one	thing,	though.”	She	smiled	a	secret	smile	then	looked	up	at me.	“I	want	you	to	be	a	little	rougher,	or	little	more	commanding.	Not	always, but	I	want	to	go	deeper.	Last	night	was	…	brilliant,	but	I	want	it	to	last	longer.

And	I	want	you	to	use	a	crop	on	me.”

“As	you	wish.	Just	write	it	down.”

The	 words	 were	 put	 into	 the	 contract,	 and	 I	 picked	 it	 up	 from	 the	 table.

“We’ll	have	this	printed	up,	and	it	should	be	ready	before	you’re	dressed.”

“Alright.	I	have	a	meeting	I	have	to	attend	this	afternoon,	but	after	that	I’ll	be yours	for	the	next	two	weeks.	If	everything	goes	to	plan.”

“I’ll	have	the	papers	for	you	to	sign	shortly.	I	want	you	to	take	it	home,	really think	about	it,	and	then	sign	it.	Do	your	meeting,	and	spend	the	night	relaxing.

Take	time	to	think	about	it,	and	then	get	back	to	me,	okay?”

“That	sounds	like	a	plan.”

I	stood,	kissed	her	before	I	left	the	room,	and	went	to	find	someone	to	type

the	papers	up.

It	took	a	little	searching,	and	then	I	had	to	wait	for	the	copies	to	print	out,	but in	all,	it	only	took	about	a	half	hour.	When	I	got	back	to	the	room,	Stephanie	was dressed	 in	 a	 pair	 of	 tailored	 dark	 blue	 slacks,	 a	 white	 cashmere	 sweater,	 and black	 Prada	 boots	 that	 came	 up	 to	 her	 knees.	 The	 rings	 and	 earrings	 she	 wore were	 expensive,	 not	 costume	 jewelry,	 and	 there	 was	 an	 elegant	 way	 she	 spoke and	carried	herself,	as	if	she’d	been	taught	deportment.

“Here’s	 your	 copy.	 Let	 me	 know	 tonight	 what	 you	 want	 to	 do,	 okay?”	 I pulled	her	to	me	and	kissed	her	deeply.

Our	 breath	 was	 fast	 and	 rough	 by	 the	 time	 I	 pulled	 away	 from	 her.	 She smiled,	wiped	at	the	corner	of	her	mouth,	and	left	me,	papers	in	hand.	I’d	see	her again	 tomorrow,	 if	 everything	 worked	 out,	 though,	 I	 didn’t	 see	 a	 reason	 it wouldn’t.

Not	 long	 after,	 I	 left	 the	 club	 and	 turned	 on	 my	 phone.	 I	 checked	 the messages	as	soon	as	I	got	to	the	black	sports	car	I’d	rented	for	my	time	here.	I had	a	call	from	Liz.

“I’ve	 found	 it,	 the	 perfect	 place,	 and	 if	 you	 hurry,	 you	 can	 get	 it	 in	 your hands	before	the	Thompsons	find	out	it’s	even	up	for	sale.	Call	me.”

My	heart	raced	as	I	got	into	the	car	and	called	Liz	back.	“Tell	me	about	it.”

“It’s	just	what	you’ve	been	looking	for,	and	the	kick	in	the	teeth	is	it’s	right beside	the	Thompsons’	hotel.	The	owner	called	me	last	night	to	find	out	if	I	had any	connections	who	would	be	interested.	You	immediately	crossed	my	mind.”

Her	 voice,	 always	 sultry,	 had	 an	 added	 note	 of	 conquest	 that	 made	 her	 sound even	sexier.

“You’ve	done	well.	Tell	me	what	I	need	to	do.”

“You	 need	 to	 get	 over	 here	 right	 away	 and	 sign	 some	 papers,	 then	 get	 the money	in	order.	I’m	sure	Trent	will	hear	about	this	soon,	so	you	need	to	get	over here	like	five	minutes	ago.”

“I’m	on	my	way.”	The	day	had	barely	even	started,	and	I’d	already	made	two

conquests.	It	was	going	to	be	a	good	day.





20

EMILY

I drove	to	the	hotel	lazily,	a	smile	fixed	on	my	face	that	I	just	couldn’t

get	 rid	 of.	 Even	 when	 the	 traffic	 was	 terrible,	 I	 kept	 smiling	 as memories	 played	 in	 my	 head.	 Mr.	 Dark	 wanted	 me	 for	 two	 more	 weeks,	 in	 a private	place,	twenty-four	hours	a	day.

That	 sounded	 like	 heaven	 on	 earth	 to	 me,	 and	 I	 would	 make	 sure	 Trent understood	when	I	saw	him	that	I	wasn’t	to	be	disturbed,	for	anything	other	than a	true	emergency	during	that	time.	I	parked	and	headed	into	the	hotel	and	up	to the	offices.	I	waved	at	the	secretary	who	waved	back	as	I	knocked	on	the	door	to the	main	office.

“I’m	 here,	 Trent,”	 I	 said	 as	 I	 entered	 and	 sat	 on	 the	 couch.	 I	 felt	 more confident	than	I	ever	had	before	as	I	stared	at	my	brother.	He	was	on	the	phone and	hadn’t	even	acknowledged	I	was	there	yet.

I	 waited,	 impatiently,	 and	 didn’t	 make	 myself	 stop	 when	 my	 foot	 began	 to tap.	 Always	 so	 fucking	 important,	 always	 so	 dismissive,	 my	 brothers	 could	 be real	assholes	sometimes.	My	smile	turned	to	a	glare,	and	I	watched	him.	He	left me	 sitting	 there	 for	 fifteen	 minutes,	 well	 after	 the	 time	 we’d	 agreed	 on	 for	 our appointment.

“Fucking	Dylan	James.	Patricidal	bastard.	He	should	be	in	jail,	not	trying	to buy	hotels	out	from	under	me.”	I	looked	up	as	Trent	banged	his	fist	on	the	desk.

“Pardon?”	I	blinked	and	sat	up	straighter.	What	was	he	on	about	now?

“Dylan	James.	An	asshole	from	out	west	who	wants	to	corner	the	market	on

the	east	coast.	I	won’t	let	him	in,	but	he	might	have	gotten	around	me	this	time.

Dammit.	And	to	think,	he	should	really	be	sitting	in	a	jail	cell	for	murdering	his parents.	Fuck!”	Trent	banged	his	fist	on	the	table	again,	and	I	glared	at	him.

“If	you’re	going	to	keep	doing	that,	I’m	going	to	leave.”	I	wouldn’t	have	said that	to	him	two	weeks	ago.	Now,	I	knew	I	could.	And	I	didn’t	want	to	hear	any more	about	this	man	that	Trent	thought	had	murdered	his	parents.	I	had	far	more important	things	to	attend	to	than	his	little	fights	with	property	tycoons.

“Pardon?”	he	asked,	taken	aback	by	my	rebuke.	Only	once	in	our	lives	had	I

ever	 spoken	 to	 him	 like	 that,	 and	 that	 was	 because	 he’d	 hurt	 my	 best	 friend’s feelings.

He	was	married	to	her	now,	and	I	rarely	saw	her,	especially	now	that	I	wasn’t helping	 out	 with	 the	 kids,	 but	 I	 still	 loved	 her.	 Him,	 on	 the	 other	 hand,	 I’d decided,	needed	to	be	dealt	with.

“Look,	why	did	you	ask	me	here,	Trent?	I	have	things	to	do,	you	know?”	I

lifted	an	eyebrow	and	glared	at	him.	I	could	have	laughed	when	his	jaw	dropped open	and	his	eyebrows	shot	up.

“Oh,	 well,	 I	 was	 going	 to	 ask	 you	 to	 watch	 the	 kids	 …	 where	 are	 you going?”	he	called	after	me	when	I	got	up	and	went	to	the	door.

“Trent,	I	am	your	sister.	None	of	you	have	ever	treated	me	like	I	am.	I	know you	have	the	excuse	that	your	mother	wasn’t	my	mother,	but	really?	Isn’t	it	time you	 got	 past	 that	 and	 treated	 me	 with	 some	 respect?	 I	 love	 your	 children,	 but damn!	Enough	is	enough!	No,	I	won’t	watch	your	kids.	Hire	a	fucking	nanny!”	I was	angrier	than	I’d	been	when	I	left	the	family	the	first	time	and	came	out	here.

How	fucking	dare	he?

I	 wasn’t	 normally	 one	 for	 swearing,	 but	 I	 was	 so	 mad;	 I	 couldn’t	 help	 it.

He’d	already	forgotten	our	talk?	My	demand	for	respect	from	them?	How	could he?

I	went	to	the	car,	drove	home,	and	had	calmed	down	by	the	time	I	got	there.	I took	 the	 packet	 of	 papers	 Mr.	 Dark	 had	 given	 me	 into	 the	 living	 room	 and	 sat down	 to	 go	 over	 the	 lines	 that	 had	 been	 edited.	 It	 was	 all	 there	 in	 black	 and white.	The	plans	he	had,	the	things	I’d	asked	to	be	added	in,	and	the	promise	of two	weeks	of	pure	pleasure.

He	would	take	me	places;	some	I	would	go	into	incognito,	in	others,	I’d	go

as	 myself.	 He	 would	 also	 lead	 me	 deeper	 into	 the	 lifestyle	 he’d	 barely	 nudged me	into.	I	found	I	wanted	to	go	deeper	with	him;	I	craved	the	things	he’d	written down.

I	remembered	the	way	he’d	slapped	my	ass	and	squirmed	on	my	plush	sofa.	I

missed	him	already.	Too	bad	we	hadn’t	agreed	to	start	right	away.	I	flipped	the pages	 and	 read	 about	 the	 specific	 items	 that	 he	 would	 use	 on	 me,	 the	 ones	 I’d agreed	to.	I	wasn’t	sure	what	some	of	them	were,	but	it	sounded	exciting,	and	I wanted	to	explore	that	with	him.

I	 only	 had	 two	 weeks	 with	 him,	 so	 we	 were	 going	 to	 have	 a	 lot	 of	 time	 to explore	 together,	 but	 it	 wasn’t	 a	 long	 time	 in	 the	 grand	 scheme	 of	 things.	 I’d move	on	after,	as	would	he,	and	maybe	we’d	meet	again,	but	right	now,	I	only had	two	weeks	of	heaven	to	look	forward	to.

I	 thought	 I’d	 be	 too	 embarrassed	 to	 do	 much	 of	 this,	 to	 talk	 about	 some	 of this	so	openly,	but	I	had	done	it	and	talked	about	it	freely	with	him.	He	put	me	at ease,	made	it	comfortable	to	talk	about,	and	to	even	demand	things.	I	didn’t	want to	be	emotionally	scarred	when	this	was	all	over,	but	I	did	want	memories	that might	have	to	last	me	a	while.

I	didn’t	know	that	I’d	ever	be	brave	enough	to	do	this	with	anyone	else.	And that	part	about	groups?	I	wasn’t	so	sure	about	that.	I'd	only	wanted	him	to	touch me,	and	I’d	only	wanted	to	touch	him.	The	idea	of	both	being	done	by	someone else	 did	 kind	 of	 intrigue	 me,	 though,	 I	 had	 to	 admit.	 That	 was	 why	 I’d capitulated	and	written	in	 may	or	may	not	engage	in	activities	with	others	in	that section.	Maybe	I’d	only	want	to	watch	or	have	him	watch	me.

The	idea	blossomed	in	my	head,	and	I	sat	back	on	the	couch.	I	imagined	him

on	the	other	couch,	watching	as	another	man	settled	down	between	my	thighs	to do	 the	 things	 he’d	 done	 to	 me.	 The	 jealousy	 I	 imagined	 in	 his	 eyes	 started	 a flame	in	my	blood.	I	took	the	fantasy	further	and	imagined	him	naked.	How	hard he’d	 be	 as	 he	 watched	 another	 man	 touch	 me.	 Would	 it	 really	 turn	 him	 on,	 I wondered?	Would	he	allow	someone	else	that	privilege?

Was	that	something	that	would	happen	in	this	culture,	I	had	to	wonder.	I’d	be his	sub,	would	he	allow	that?	It	was	in	there	in	black	and	white,	so	he’d	have	to allow	it.	I’d	realized	then	just	how	much	freedom	he’d	given	me.	Far	more	than

I’d	thought	I’d	have	if	he’d	allow	that	to	happen.	The	fantasy	returned,	and	my body	throbbed	with	desire.

His	eyes	would	narrow	when	I	put	my	hands	in	the	man’s	hair,	as	I	shivered

with	pleasure,	our	eyes	would	lock	together.	I	added	a	woman,	on	her	knees,	and the	fantasy	became	something	totally	different.	It	became	something	I’d	wanted but	 wasn’t	 sure	 I’d	 ever	 act	 on.	 Things	 like	 that	 changed	 dynamics.	 I’d	 seen	 a movie	 recently	 about	 people	 who	 actually	 acted	 on	 those	 desires,	 and	 it	 hadn’t ended	well	for	them.	Others	online	had	said	it	enhanced	their	relationships,	but would	it	really?	I	had	to	wonder,	and	right	now,	it	was	easy	to	see	the	good	side of	it.

Pleasure	for	both,	as	we	watched	the	partner	we	shared	be	pleasured.	I	could feel	a	throb	between	my	thighs,	and	no	amount	of	squirming	on	the	couch	would make	 it	 better.	 I	 sat	 up,	 told	 myself	 to	 be	 a	 big	 girl,	 and	 take	 control.	 I	 took	 a deep	 breath,	 went	 into	 the	 kitchen	 for	 a	 glass	 of	 apple	 juice,	 and	 came	 back	 to finish	reading.

There	were	a	few	lines	about	after	care	and	how	he’d	make	sure	I	was	in	a	fit state	at	all	times.	Even	when	I	was	on	my	knees	begging,	sobbing	for	relief,	he’d make	sure	I	wasn’t	hurt	by	the	ordeal.	Not	physically,	anyway.	But	that	was	the purpose	wasn’t	it,	denial	to	make	the	proper	moment	even	more	explosive?

I	knew	I	was	new	to	all	of	this	BDSM	stuff,	but	I’d	done	my	homework.	I

knew	what	I	was	in	for;	I	just	hadn’t	experienced	most	of	it.	Yet.	I	would	soon, very	soon.

A	text	came	from	Trent,	and	I	stared	down	at	the	phone.	Was	it	an	apology,

or	 was	 he	 upbraiding	 for	 speaking	 to	 him	 like	 that,	 as	 if	 I	 was	 a	 servant?	 I decided	then	to	get	a	new	phone	and	only	give	Mr.	Dark	the	number.	My	family would	be	cut	out	of	my	life	for	the	next	two	weeks.	Surely	nothing	too	horrible would	happen	in	that	time.

I	picked	up	the	contract	again	and	turned	to	the	very	last	page.	There,	it	was stated	the	contract	was	not	legally	binding,	not	in	a	court	of	law,	but	we	would be	expected	to	treat	the	contract	as	if	it	was.	He’d	already	signed	it,	and	I	loved the	scrawl	of	his	name.	It	was	legible,	but	showy,	a	little	bit	like	him.

I	 took	 the	 paper	 and	 started	 to	 sign	 it	 when	 I	 finally	 noticed	 his	 real	 name

was	under	the	scrawl.	My	heart	thudded	in	my	chest,	and	I	felt	the	world	narrow down	to	those	two	names.

Dylan.	James.

Fuck.

No,	there	was	no	way	I	could	sign	that	contract	now.	The	fantasies	crumbled, and	the	joy	that	had	filled	me	up	vanished	in	an	instant.	My	brother’s	nemesis.

My	family’s	nemesis.	I’d	been	sleeping	with	the	enemy,	quite	literally.

I	 stared	 at	 the	 contract,	 everything	 suddenly	 changed.	 My	 hands	 shook	 as	 I put	it	down	and	pushed	myself	into	the	edge	of	the	sofa.	I	needed	comfort,	and there	was	no	one	here	who	could	do	it.	I	could	call	Roxie,	talk	to	her,	but	what would	 that	 solve?	 Jesse	 was	 always	 busy	 with	 being	 a	 wife	 and	 mother	 now;	 I couldn’t	 call	 her	 either.	 Besides,	 I’d	 have	 to	 admit	 what	 I’d	 been	 doing	 to	 her, and	right	now,	I	didn’t	want	to	do	that.

The	very	thing	I’d	wanted	most,	that	had	been	just	within	my	reach,	was	now totally	 out	 of	 my	 hands.	 I	 couldn’t	 go	 through	 with	 it,	 after	 all.	 It	 would	 be	 a betrayal	of	my	family.	If	they	ever	found	out,	they’d	never	forgive	me.	It	would be	the	end	of	our	relationship.	And	Trent	had	said	Dylan	had	killed	his	parents.	I dismissed	that	as	a	bold-faced	lie,	right	away.	The	man	I	knew	would	never	do something	like	that.

Sure,	 he’d	 consider	 chaining	 me	 down	 to	 a	 table	 and	 torturing	 me	 with pleasure,	but	he	wasn’t	a	killer.	I’d	caught	the	tail-end	of	that	fight	last	night	but had	left	it	unmentioned	in	the	excitement	of	our	reunion.	Mr.	Dark,	Dylan,	was	a protector,	not	a	killer.	I	couldn’t	believe	that	for	a	minute.

I’d	heard	Trent	complain	about	him	a	few	times	now	that	I’d	thought	about

it.	He’d	come	to	Myrtle	Beach	looking	for	property,	a	resort	to	grow	his	family’s business.	That	wasn’t	so	wrong,	was	it?	My	thoughts	started	to	turn.	Just	because Trent	wanted	to	play	a	game	of	‘whose	dick	is	bigger’	didn’t	mean	I’d	have	to give	this	up.	Did	it?

I	 pulled	 my	 legs	 up	 close	 and	 wrapped	 my	 arms	 around	 them	 as	 I	 thought about	 it.	 If	 I	 kept	 my	 identity	 secret,	 kept	 up	 the	 fake	 name	 and	 made	 sure	 he didn’t	find	out	who	I	was,	he’d	never	know,	would	he?	He	didn’t	have	to	know	I was	a	Thompson,	at	all.	Ever.

Maybe	I	could	make	this	work.	It	would	mean	an	amendment	to	the	contract, or	maybe	a	verbal	agreement,	but	he’d	have	to	agree	to	never	seek	me	out	once this	was	all	done	and	over	with.	And	he’d	only	be	able	to	take	me	places	I	knew people	wouldn’t	know	me.	That	wasn’t	too	hard	around	here;	I’d	rarely	gone	out here,	but	people	did	know	me	from	my	charity	work.

Shit.	What	about	that?	God,	this	was	all	stupid!

I	 was	 a	 grown	 woman.	 I	 should	 be	 able	 to	 do	 as	 I	 please.	 But	 family	 was important	to	me,	even	if	I	was	angry	at	them	all	right	now.	This	would	shame	our family	if	it	got	out,	and	I’d	have	to	work	really	hard	to	make	sure	it	was	never known.	 But	 if	 we	 went	 out	 in	 public,	 then	 there	 was	 a	 possibility	 that	 would happen.

I	 could	 already	 picture	 the	 disappointment	 on	 their	 faces,	 the	 shock,	 and maybe	the	disgust.	Was	it	worth	it?

I	 remembered	 the	 way	 he	 touched	 me,	 the	 exquisite	 sensation	 of	 his	 hand against	 my	 ass	 as	 he	 worked	 those	 pumps	 on	 me,	 and	 I	 heard	 myself	 moan.	 It was	worth	it,	oh,	it	was	worth	it.

I	 bit	 my	 lip	 and	 played	 through	 every	 moment	 I	 could	 think	 of.	 How	 he’d made	 me	 feel	 powerful	 and	 helpless	 at	 the	 same	 time.	 How	 he’d	 given	 me pleasure	 that	 far	 surpassed	 anything	 I	 could	 have	 imagined.	 The	 way	 his	 face softened	when	he	came	and	how	much	he	wanted	to	fuck	me.

But	could	I?	Could	I	look	him	in	the	eye	knowing	my	brother	wanted	to	keep

him	from	gaining	a	foothold	in	Myrtle	Beach?	That	it	was	my	family	who	had

nearly	driven	him	mad	over	the	last	few	weeks	as	he	tried	to	find	property	and was	turned	away	at	every	point?	It	was	my	family	that	had	done	that.

Would	he	use	it	against	me?	Shit,	I	hadn’t	thought	about	that.	Would	he	even want	to	fuck	me	if	he	knew	who	I	was?	Or	would	he	do	it	and	then	crow	about	it to	get	back	at	my	family?	Maybe	that	was	why	he’d	changed	my	mind.	Or	was	it my	own	self-doubt?	No,	there	was	no	way	he	could	have	figured	out	who	I	was.

I	picked	up	the	contract	and	tapped	it	against	my	leg.	He’d	given	me	tonight to	 think	 about	 it.	 I’d	 planned	 to	 sign	 it,	 call	 Roxie,	 and	 wait	 for	 the	 next	 day impatiently.	 Now,	 the	 scenario	 had	 changed,	 reality	 had	 changed.	 Last	 night, when	he’d	made	me	come	with	a	shuddering	scream,	he’d	been	a	stranger,	a	man



that	 I	 couldn’t	 get	 enough	 of,	 but	 someone	 safe	 who	 didn’t	 threaten	 me	 in	 any way.

Now,	he	was	the	man	that	could	destroy	my	world	and	tear	my	family	apart.	I had	no	idea	what	to	do.	I	wanted	him,	but	could	I	take	the	consequences	if	our affair	was	found	out?	Would	my	family	ever	forgive	me?	Would	he	if	he	found out	 who	 I	 really	 was?	 I	 picked	 up	 the	 phone.	 I	 needed	 to	 talk	 to	 someone,	 but there	was	no	one	to	call.	I	had	to	make	this	decision	all	on	my	own.

Thank	you	for	reading	DARK	DESIRE!

I	hope	you	loved	Emily	and	Dylan	as	much	as	I	do.	Their	story	continues	in

DARK	RULES!

Be	careful	what	you	wish	for…

My	birthday	wish	came	true!	I	found	a	real	man	who	knows	what	he’s	doing.	I should	be	grateful.	I	should	be	celebrating.	Right?	Then	I	discovered	his	real name.	And	I	knew	there	was	only	one	option	—	run	for	the	hills!

He’s	dangerous.	He’s	a	killer.	He’s	the	reckless,	cavalier	businessman	coming	to steal	from	my	family.	But	damn,	he	makes	my	heart	sing	and	my	body	ache	for his	touch.	I	want	to	be	with	him.	But	how	can	I?	How	can	I	sleep	with	the



enemy?

Download	DARK	RULES	now!

Or	get	30%	off	when	you	buy	the	next	ebook	directly	from	my	website.

https://payhip.com/b/iLX0l

Use	exclusive	discount	code:

BACK4-DRULES

A	Letter	To	My	Readers

Dear	Reader,

I	would	like	to	take	this	opportunity	to	thank	you	for	reading	my	book.	Without you,	my	life	would	have	no	meaning…	no,	seriously.	I	spend	a	large	part	of	my day	trying	to	find	ways	to	reach	out	to	readers	like	you,	so	one	more	person	can discover	my	work,	or	fall	in	love	with	a	book	of	mine	they’ve	never	read.

Sometimes,	it’s	serendipity—an	avid	reader	stumbles	across	someone	called

Summer	Cooper	and	decides	to	give	her	a	chance.	Sometimes,	it’s	a

recommendation	from	a	friend.	More	often	than	not,	it’s	from	all	the	hard	work done	behind	the	scenes	to	market	a	book.	However	you’ve	ended	up	here,	I	truly appreciate	it!

Even	as	a	small-time	indie	author,	there	are	many	people	involved	in	my	book business:	editors,	proofreaders,	designers,	assistants,	reviewers,	etc.	But	by	far the	most	important	are	the	readers.	Your	support	is	what	allows	me	to	do	what	I love	for	a	living—a	gift	that	I’m	well	aware	most	people	never	get.

I’m	always	thinking	about	how	I	can	give	more	back	to	my	fans—the	people

who	put	food	on	my	table	and	a	roof	over	my	head.	That’s	what	prompted	me	to start	my	own	online	bookstore	on	the	Payhip	platform	for	my	work	and	those	of a	few	author	friends	of	mine.	It	gives	me	loads	more	flexibility	to	offer	regular discount	codes	to	my	followers	and	bundle	products	together	to	give	you	better value.	I’m	still	selling	my	books	on	the	major	online	retailers	(maybe	that’s where	you	bought	this	one),	but	they’ll	also	be	on	Payhip	for	the	same	price	or cheaper	(I’m	really	loving	the	discount	code	feature!).	Since	Payhip	take	a MUCH	smaller	cut	of	the	royalties,	when	you	buy	from	there	you	can	also	get the	bonus	of	that	warm,	fuzzy	feeling	inside	that	comes	from	supporting	an	indie author	rather	than	more	of	your	money	going	to	line	the	pockets	of	some	of	the richest	people	in	the	world!

If	you’d	like	to	support	me	even	more,	I	have	a	Patreon	page	with	tiers	to	suit	all budgets	and	all	kinds	of	amazing	benefits	including	free	books	and	audiobooks, exclusive	content	and	merch,	signed	paperbacks,	swag	boxes,	and	more!	It’s	also the	best	place	to	get	to	know	me	better	as	I’ll	be	posting	life	updates	and	Patron-exclusive	Q&As.

I	know	times	are	tough	for	many	people,	so	if	you’d	like	to	support	me	but	can’t afford	a	subscription	like	Patreon,	the	easiest	thing	to	do	(and	completely	FREE) is	to	leave	a	review	and	help	spread	the	word	about	my	books!

You	can	also	join	my	free	e-mail	newsletter	to	find	out	about	upcoming	releases, discounts,	etc.

You	might	be	wondering…	With	all	this	Payhip,	Patreon,	newsletter,	Facebook, Instagram,	YouTube,	TikTok	(did	I	mention	all	my	social	media?),	and

marketing	stuff,	when	do	I	get	the	time	to	actually	write?	Well,	I	often	ask myself	the	same	question!	But	that’s	the	reality	of	being	an	indie	author.	And that’s	why	every	single	reader	like	you	matters	so	much	to	me.	Rest	assured,	I	do find	time	to	write,	and	my	next	release	is	never	too	far	away…	(Okay,	some	fans may	complain	it’s	too	far	away!)



Thank	you	again	from	the	bottom	of	my	heart	for	all	your	support,	in	whatever form	it	takes.

With	love	and	appreciation,

Summer

Read	more	sexy	and	romantic	books	by	USA	Today	Bestselling	Author	Summer

Cooper.

DARK	DESIRES

A	billionaire	dark	romance	series

Dark	Desire

Dark	Rules

Dark	Secret

Dark	Time

Dark	Truth

BARRE	TO	BAR

A	billionaire	second	chance	series

Dancing	With	Lies

Dancing	With	Temptation

Dancing	With	Doubt

Dancing	With	Guilt

Dancing	With	Redemption

TWISTED	INTENTION

A	billionaire	revenge	romance	series

Twisted	Beauty

Twisted	Love

Twisted	Fate

Mafia’s	Obsession

A	hot	mafia	romance	series

Mafia’s	Dirty	Secret

Mafia’s	Fake	Bride

Mafia’s	Final	Play

Screaming	Demons

An	MC	romance	series	full	of	suspense

Rough	Start

Rough	Ride

Rough	Choice

Rough	Patch

Rough	Return

Rough	Road

Rough	Trip

Rough	Night

Rough	Love

Check	out	Summer’s	entire	collection	at

www.summercooper.com/books





ABOUT	SUMMER	COOPER

Thank	you	so	much	for	reading.	Without	you,	it	wouldn’t	be	possible	for	me	to be	a	full-time	author.	I	hope	you	enjoy	reading	my	books	as	much	as	I	do	writing them.

Besides	(obviously!)	reading	and	writing,	I	also	love	cuddling	my	dogs,	shouting at	Alexa,	being	upside	down	(aka	Yoga)	and	driving	my	family	cray-cray!

Follow	me	on

Facebook	|	Instagram

Goodreads	|	Bookbub

Get	in	touch	at

hello@summercooper.com

www.summercooper.com





Document Outline


Copyright

Contents

1. Emily

2. Dylan

3. Emily

4. Dylan

5. Emily

6. Dylan

7. Dylan

8. Emily

9. Dylan

10. Emily

11. Dylan

12. Emily

13. Dylan

14. Emily

15. Dylan

16. Emily

17. Dylan

18. Emily

19. Dylan

20. Emily

About Summer Cooper





